# List 1

## Unit 1

>### abandon
1. n. __放纵__: carefree,freedom, from constraint<br>
ex. add spices to the stew with complete abandon<br>
[近] unconstraint,uninhibitedness,unrestraint<br>
2. v. __放纵__: to give (oneself) over unrestrainedly<br>
ex. abandon oneself to emotion || abandon herself to a life of complete idleness<br>
[近] indulge,surrender
3. v. __放弃__: to withdraw from often in the face of danger or encroachment<br>
ex. abandon the ship/homes
[反] salvage
4. v. __停止做某事__: to put an end to (something planned or previously agreed to)<br>
ex. The bad weather forced NASA to abandon the launch<br>
[近] abort,drop,repeal,rescind,revoke,call off,give up<br>
[反] keep,continue,maintain,carry on<br>

>### abase
- v. __降低（地位、职位、威望或尊严）__: to lower in rank,office,prestige,or esteem<br>
ex. He was unwilling to abase himself by pleading guilty to a crime that he did not commit.<br>
[近] debauch,degrade,profane,vitiate,discredit,foul,smirch,take down<br>
[反] elevate,ennoble,uplift,aggrandize,canonize,deify,exalt

>### abash
- vt. __使尴尬，使羞愧__: to destroy the self-possession or self-confidence of,disconcert,embarrass<br>
ex. Nothing could abash him<br>
[近] discomfit,disconcert,discountenance,faze,fluster,nonplus,mortify<br>
[反] embolden

>### abate
1. v. __减轻（程度或强度）__: to reduce in degree or intensity<br>
ex. abate his rege/pain <br>
[近] moderate,recede,subside,remit,wane,die (away or down or out),let up,phase down,taper off<br>
[反] intensify
2. v. __减少（数量），降低（价值）__: to reduce in amount or value<br>
ex. abte a tax<br>
[近] de-escalate,deplete,downscale,dwindle,ratchet(down)<br>
[反] augment,promote
3. v. __停止，撤销__: to put an end to <br>
ex. abate a nuisance<br>
[近] abrogate,annul,invalidate,nullify,rescind,vacate

>### abbreviate
- v. __缩写，缩短__: to make briefer<br>
ex. abbreviate the word "building" as "bldg"<br>
[近] abridge,curtail,cut back,syncopate,truncate<br>
[反] extend,protract,elongate,lengthen,prolong

>### abdicate
- v. __正式放弃（权利、责任__: to renounce a throne, to relinquish (power or responsibility) formally<br>
ex. abdicate the trhone/crown<br>
[近] cede,relinquish,renounce,resign,step down(from)<br>
[反] constitute,assume,usurp

>### aberrant
- adj. __异常的，非常规的__: deviating from the usual or natural type<br>
ex. This behavior might be aberrant enough to draw attention<br>
[近] abnormal,anomalous,peculiar,singular,unwonted,uncustomary<br>
[反] normal,natural,regular,standard,typical

>### abet
1. v. __帮助，怂恿__: to assist or support in the achievement of a purpose
2. v. __鼓励__: to actively encourage (as an activity or plan)

>### abeyance
- n. __中止，搁置__: temporary inactivity

>### abhor
- vt. __深恶痛绝，极度厌恶__: to regard with extreme repugnance

## Unit 2
>### abiding
- vt. __永久的__: lasting for a long time;enduring

>### abject
1. adj. __无精打采的__: cast down in spirit,spiritless
2. adj. __（地位、身份）悲惨、凄凉的__:sunk to or existing in a low state or condition
3. adj. __卑微的，讨好的__: expressing or offered in a humble and often ingratiating spirit

>### abjure
1. v. __发誓放弃__: a firm and final rejecting or abandoning often made under oath
2. v. __抵制，避免__: to resist the temptation of

>### abnegate
1. v. __否认__: deny,renounce
2. v. __投降，放弃，交出（权利等）__: surrender,relinquish

>### abominate
- v. __憎恶__: to hate or loathe intensely,abhor

>### aboveboard
- adj. __无欺诈的，光明正大的__: free from all traces of deceit or duplicity

>### abrade
- v. __磨损，精神上折磨__: to rub or wear away especially by friction; wear down spiritually

>### abridge
1. v. __缩短，缩小__: to shorten in duration or extent
2. v. __在不改变本意的条件下删减词语，缩写__: to shorten by omission of words without sacrifice of sense

>### abrogate
1. v. __官方的正式废除__: to abolish by authoritative action,annul
2. v. __无视（某事的）存在__: to treat as nonexistent

>### abscond
- v. __偷偷离开__:to depart secretly and hide oneself

## Unit 3
>### absolute
1. adj. :unconstrained by constitutional or other provisions
2. adj. :unqualified in extent or degree; total
3. adj. :free from imperfection;free or relatively free from mixture
4. adj. :positive,unquestionable

>### absolve
- v. :to set free from an obligation or the consequences of guilt,exculpate

>### abstain
- v. :to refrain from something by one's own choice

>### abstemious
- adj. :marked by restraint especially in the consumption of food or alcohol,sparing

>### abstract
1. vt. :to make an abstract of, summarize
2. vt. :to draw away the attention of

>### abstruse
- adj. :difficult to comprehend: recondite

>### absurd
- adj. :ridiculously unreasonable, unsound, incongruous

>### abundant
- adj. :marked by great plenty(as of resources)

>### abuse
1. v. :to condemn or vilify usually unjustly, intemperately, and angrily
2. v. :to put to a wrong or improper use; to use excessively

>### abut
- v. :to touch at one end or side; lie adjacent

## Unit 4
>### abysmal
1. adj. :immeasurably low or wretched
2. adj. :immeasurably great

>### accede
1. v. :to express approval or give consent
2. v. :to arrive at or come into an office or dignity

>### accelerate
1. v. :to cause to move faster
2. v. :to bring about at an earlier time
3. v. :to become greater in size,extent,volume,amount,or number

>### accessible
1. adj. :situated within easy reach
2. adj. :capable of being understood or appreciated
3. adj. :possible to get

>### accessory
1. adj. :having a secondary,supplementary,or subordinate function
2. n. :one associated with another in wrongdoing

>### accidental
1. adj. :occurring unexpectedly or by chance
2. adj. :not being a vital part of or belonging to something

>### acclimate
- vt. :to change(something) so as to make it suitable for a new use or situation

>### accolade
1. n. :an expression of approval
2. v. :to praise or honor

>### accommodate
1. v. :to provide with something desired,needed,or suited(as a helpful service,a loan,or lodgings)
2. v. :to change(something)so as to make it suitable for a new use or situation
3. vt. :to bring to a state free of conflicts, inconsistencies, or differences

>### accost
- vt. :to approach and speak to often in a challenging or aggressive way

## Unit 5
>### accrete
- v. :to grow or increase gradually, as by addition

>### accumulate
- vt. :to increase gradually in quantity or number

>### acerbic
- adj. :marked by the use of wit that is intended to cause hurt feelings

>### acme
1. n. :the highest point or stage, as of achievement or development
2. n. :the most perfect type or example

>### acquiesce
- v. :to accept,comply,or submit tacitly or passively

>### acrid
1. adj. :sharp and harsh or unpleasantly pungent in taste or odor:irritating
2. adj. :marked by the use of wit that is intended to cause hurt feelings

>### acrimonious
- adj. :having or showing deep-seated resentment

>### acumen
- n. :exceptional discernment and judgment especially in practical matters

>### acute
1. adj. :marked by keen discernment or intellectual perception especially of subtle distinctions,penetrating
2. adj. :needing immediate attention
3. adj. :extreme in degree, or effect

>### adamant
- adj. :unshakable or insistent especially in maintaining a position or opinion,unyielding;inflexible

## Unit 6
>### adapt
- v. :to modify according with the changing circumstances  

>### addict
1. v. :to devote or surrender(oneself)to something habitually or obsessively
2. n. :a person with a strong and habitual liking for something

>### adhere
1. v. :to cause to stick fast
2. v. :to act according to the commands of
3. v. :to give steadfast support to

>### adjourn
- vi. :to suspend a session indefinitely or to another time or place

>### adjunct
- n. :something joined or added to another thing but not essentially a part of it

>### ad-lib
- adj. :made or done without previous thought or preparation

>### admonish
1. v. :to give advice to
2. v. :to reprove gently but earnestly

>### adore
1. vt. :to take pleasure in
2. vt. :to feel passion,devotion,or tenderness for

>### adulate
- v. :to praise too much

>### adulterate
- vt. :to corrupt,debase,or make impure by the addition of a foreign or inferior substance or element

## Unit 7
>### adumbrate
1. vt. :to disclose partially or guardedly
2. vt. :to give a slight indication of beforehand

>### adventitious
- adj. :coming from another source and not inherent or innate

>### adversary
- n. :one that contends with,opposes,or resists:enemy

>### advert
- vi. :to call attention;refer

>### advocate
- vt. :to speak,plead,or argue in favor of;support

>### affable
- adj. :characterized by ease and friendliness

>### affinity
1. n. :a habitual attraction to some activity or thing
2. n. :the fact or state of having something in common

>### affluent
- adj. :having a generously sufficient and typically increasing supply of material possessions

>#### aggrandize
- vt. :to enhance the power,wealth,position,or reputation of

>### aggravate
1. vt. :to make worse,more serious,or more severe
2. vt. :to disturb the peace of mind of (someone) especially by repeated disagreeable acts

## Unit 8
>### aggregate
1. n. :a mass or body of units or parts somewhat loosely associated with one another
2. v. :to collect or gather into a mass or whole

>### aggressive
1. adj. :having a quality of anger and determination that makes it ready to attack others
2. adj. :marked by or uttered with forcefulness

>### aggrieve
- vt. :to give pain or trouble to, distress

>### agitate
1. v. :to attempt to arouse public feeling
2. vt. :to excite and often trouble the mind or feelings of:disturb

>### agog
- adj. :showing urgent desire or interest

>### agonize
- v. :to (cause to)feel deep sadness or mental pain

>### airtight
1. adj. :having no noticeable weakness,flaw,or loophole
2. adj. :impermeable to air or nearly so

>### alacrity
- n. :promptness in response:cheerful readiness

>### alibi
- n. :an excuse usually intended ti avert blame or punishment(as for failure or negligence)

>### alienate
1. v. :to make unfriendly,or indifferent especially where attachment formerly existed
2. v. :to convey or transfer(as property or a right)usually by a specific act rather than the due course of law

## Unit 9
>### align
1. vt. :to bring into line or alignment
2. vt. :to adjust to produce a proper relationship or orientation

>### allay
- vt. :to subdue or reduce in intensity or severity,alleviate

>### allegiance
- n. :devotion or loyalty to a person,group,or cause

>### alleviate
- v. :relieve,lessen

>### allude
- vi. :to convey and idea indirectly

>### allure
1. vt. :to attract or delight as if by magic
2. v. :to lead away from a usual or proper course by offering some pleasure or advantage

>### ally
1. n. :one in helpful association with another
2. v. :to enter into an alliance

>### aloft
- adv. :in the air especially:in flight(as in an airplane)

>### aloof
- adj. :removed or distant either physically or emotionally

>### altruism
- n. :unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others

## Unit 10
>### amalgamate
- v. :to combine into a unified or integrated whole;unite

>### ambiguous
- adj. :open to more than one interpretation;doubtful or uncertain

>### amble
- vi./n. :to walk slowly or leisurely;stroll

>### ambrosial
- adj. :something extremely pleasing to taste or smell

>### ameliorate
- vt. :to make or become better;improve

>### amenable
- adj. :readily brought to yield,submit,or cooperate

>### amenity
1. n. :something that conduces to comfort,convenience,or enjoyment
2. n. :the quality of being pleasant or agreeable

>### amiable
- adj. :being friendly,sociable,and congenial

>### amicable
- adj. :characterized by friendly goodwill;amiable

>### amity
- n. :friendship;especially: friendly relations between nations
