# List 2

## Unit 1

>### amorphous
1. adj. :having no definite form:shapeless
2. adj. :being without definite character or nature:unclassifiable

>### analgesic
- n. :a medication that reduces or eliminates pain

>### anarchist
- n. :a person who rebels against any authority,established order, or ruling power

>### anathema
- n. :a ban or curse solemnly pronounced by ecclesiastical authority and accompanied by excommunication

>### ancillary
1. adj. :of secondary importance
2. adj. :auxiliary,supplementary

>### anecdote
- n. :a usually short narrative of interesting,amusing, or biographical incident

>### anemic
- adj. :lacking force,vitality,or spirit

>### anesthetic
1. n. :something (as a drug) that relieves pain
2. adj. :lacking awareness or sensitivity

>### animate
1. adj. :having or showing life
2. adj. :having much high-spirited energy and movement
3. vt. :to give spirit and support to
4. vt. :to move to action
5. vt. :to make or design in such a way as to create apparently spontaneous lifelike movement

>### animus
- n. :a usually prejudiced and often spiteful or malevolent ill will,enmity

## Unit 2

>### annoy
- vt. :to disturb or irritate especially by repeated acts

>### annul
1. vt. :to declare or make legally invalid or void
2. vt. :to balance with an equal force so as to make ineffective

>### anomalous
1. adj. :being out of the ordinary
2. adj. :departing from some accepted standard of what is normal

>### anonymous
1. adj. :not named or identified
2. adj. :lacking individuality,distinction,or recognizability

>### antagonize
1. vt. :to act in opposition to: counteract
2. vt. :to incur or provoke the hostility of

>### antediluvian
1. adj. :extremely old and antiquated
2. n. :a person with old-fashioned ideas

>### anterior
- adj. :coming before in time or development

>### antic
- adj. :characterized by clownish extravagance or absurdity

>### apathy
1. n. :lack of feeling or emotion
2. n. :lack of interest or concern

>### aphorism
- n. :a short witty sentence which expresses a general truth or comment

## Unit 3

>### apocalyptic
1. adj. :of a revelatory or prophetic nature
2. adj. :of, relating to, or being a major turning point
3. adj. :wildly unrestrained: grandiose

>### apocryphal
- adj. :of doubtful authenticity: spurious

>### apoplectic
- adj. :extremely angry; furious

>### apostasy
1. n. :renunciation of a religious faith
2. n. :abandonment of a previous loyalty:defection

>### appall
- vt. :to overcome with consternation,shock,or dismay

>### appeal
1. n. :an application(as to recognized authority)for corroboration,vindication,or decision
2. n :to charge with a crime:accuse

>### appealing
- adj. :attractive,inviting

>### applause
- n. :approval publicly expressed(as by clapping the hands)

>### apposite
- adj. :highly pertinent or appropriate:apt

>### appreciable
- adj. :capable of being perceived or measured;perceptible

## Unit 4

>### apprehension
1. n. :suspicion or fear especially of future evil
2. n. :seizure by legal process:arrestment
3. n. :the knowledge gained from the process of coming to know or understand something

>### apprise
- v. :to give notice to;inform

>### approbation
- n. :an expression of warm approval

>### appropriate
1. v. :to take possession of or make use of exclusively for oneself, often without permission
2. adj. :especially suitable or compatible: fitting

>### apropos
1. adj. :being both relevant and opportune
2. prep. :having to do with

>### apt
1. adj. :exactly suitable;appropriate
2. adj. :having a tendency:likely
3. adj. :keenly intelligent and responsive

>### archaic
- adj. :no longer current or applicable; antiquated

>### archetype
1. n. :an ideal example of a type
2. n. :something belonging to an earlier time from which something else was later developed
3. n. :something from which copies are made

>### ardor
- n. :strong enthusiasm or devotion;zeal

>### arduous
- adj. :hard to accomplish or achieve: difficult

## Unit 5

>### argot
- n. :a specialized vocabulary or set of idioms used by a particular group

>### arrest
1. vt. :to make inactive
2. n./v. :the stopping of a process or activity; to bring to a standstill
3. v. :to take or keep under one's control by authority of law
4. v. :to hold the attention of as if by a spell

>### arresting
- adj. :attracting and holding the attention;striking

>### arrhythmic
- adj. :lacking rhythm or regularity

>### arrogance
- n. :overbearing pride

>### articulate
1. v. :to utter clearly and distinctly
2. adj. :able to express oneself clearly and well

>### ascendant
1. adj. :dominant in position or influence; superior
2. adj. :moving upward: rising

>### ascetic
1. adj. :practicing strict self-denial as a measure of personal and especially spiritual discipline
2. n. :a person who renounces material comforts and leads a life of austere self-discipline, especially as an act of religious devotion

>### aseptic
1. adj. :preventing infection
2. adj. :lacking vitality
3. adj. :lacking emotion, or warmth

>### askew
- adj./adv. :out of line, awry

## Unit 6

>### aspect
- n. :appearance to the eye or mind

>### asperity
1. n. :roughness of manner or of temper
2. n. :rigor,severity

>### aspersion
- n. :a false or misleading charge meant to harm someone's reputation

>### aspirant
1. n. :one who aspires,as to advancement, honors, or a high position
2. adj. :seeking to attain a desired position or status

>### assent
- vi. :to agree to something especially after thoughtful consideration

>### assert
- vt. :to state or declare positively and often forcefully or aggressively

>### assertive
- adj. :inclined to bold or confident assertion; aggressively self-assured

>### assess
1. v. :to determine the importance,size, or value of
2. v. :to establish or apply as a charge or penalty

>### assiduous
- adj. :marked by careful unremitting attention or persistent application;busy

>### assuage
1. vt. :to lessen the intensity of
2. vt. :to pacify or calm
3. vt. :to put an end to by satisfying

## Unit 7

>### astounding
- adj. :causing astonishment or amazement

>### astute
- adj. :having or showing shrewdness and perspicacity

>### asunder
1. adv. :into separate parts or pieces
2. adv. :apart from each other in position

>### asylum
- n. :an inviolable place of refuge and protection giving shelter to criminals and debtors/something(as a building)that offers cover from the weather or protection from danger

>### asymmetrical
- adj. :having no balance or symmetry

>### atone
- v. :to make amends,as for a sin or fault

>### atrocious
1. adj. :extremely wicked,brutal,or cruel
2. adj. :extremely unsatisfactory

>### attenuate
- v. :to lessen the amount,force,magnitude,or value of

>### audacious
1. adj. :fearlessly,often recklessly daring;bold
2. adj. :contemptuous of law,religion,or decorum
3. adj. :inclined or willing to take risks
4. adj. :marked by originality and verve

>### augur
1. n. :one who predicts future events or developments
2. vi. :to show signs of a favorable or successful outcome
3. vt. :to tell of or describe beforehand

## Unit 8

>### authentic
1. adj. :being exactly as appears or as claimed
2. adj. :following an original exactly

>### authority
1. n. :a person with a high level of knowledge or skill in a field
2. n. :lawful control over the affairs of a political unit(as a nation)
3. n. :the power to direct the thinking or behavior of others usually indirectly
4. n. :the right or means to command or control others
5. n. :a warrant for action

>### autocracy
- n. :government in which a person possesses unlimited power

>### autonomy
1. n. :the quality or state of being self-governing
2. n. :self-directing freedom and especially moral independence

>### avarice
- n. :excessive or insatiable desire for wealth or gain

>### aver
1. v. :to state as a fact usually forcefully
2. v. :to state clearly and strongly

>### aversion
1. n. :a dislike so strong as to cause stomach upset or queasiness
2. n. :something or someone that is hated

>### avid
1. adj. :marked by keen interest and enthusiasm
2. adj. :having or marked by an eager and often selfish desire especially for material possessions

>### awash
1. adj. :containing,covered with,or thoroughly penetrated by weter
2. adj. :filled,covered,or completely overrun as if by a flood

>### awe
- n./v. :an emotion variously combining dread,veneration,and wonder that is inspired by authority or by the sacred or sublime

## Unit 9

>### awkward
1. adj. :lacking dexterity or skill
2. adj. :showing or marked by a lack of skill and tact(as in dealing with a situation)
3. adj. :lacking ease or grace (as of movemnt or expression)
4. adj. :causing embarrassment
5. adj. :difficult to use or operate especially because of size,weight,or design

>### awning
- n. :a piece of material attached to a caravan or building which provides shelter from the rain or sun

>### awry
1. adj. :in a turned or twisted position or direction
2. adj./adv. :off the correct or expected course

>### axiomatic
1. adj. :based on or involving an axiom or system of axioms
2. adj. :taken for granted,self-evident

>### babble
1. v. :to utter a meaningless confusion of words or sounds
2. v. :to engage in casual or rambling conversation

>### backhanded
- adj. :indirect,devious,especially sarcastic

>### badger
- vt. :to harass or annoy persistently

>### badinage
- n. :playful repartee,banter

>### bait
1. vt. :to persecute or exasperate with unjust,malicious,or persistent attacks
2. vt. :to lead away from a usual or proper course by offering some pleasure or advantage
3. n. :something(as food)used in luring especially to a hook or trap

>### bale
- n. :woe,sorrow

## Unit 10

>### baleful
1. adj. :harmful or malignant in intent or effect
2. adj. :foreboding or threatening evil
3. adj. :likely to cause or capable of causing death

>### balk
1. vt. :to check or stop by or as if by an obstacle
2. v. :to show unwillingness to accept,do,engage in,or agree to

>### balky
- adj. :refusing or likely to refuse to proceed,act, or function as directed or expected

>### ballad
- n. :a narrative poem,often of folk origin and intended to be sung,consisting of simple stanzas and usually having a refrain

>### balloon
- v. :to increase rapidly

>### balm
1. n. :a sweet-smelling oil that heals wounds or reduce pain;things that soothe the mind
2. n. :a sweet or pleasant smell

>### banal
- adj. :lacking originality,freshness,or novelty;tribe

>### bane
1. n. :a source of harm or ruin
2. n. :a substance that by chemical action can kill or injure a living thing

>### banish
1. vt. :to require by authority to leave acountry
2. vt. :to drive or force out

>### banter
- n./v. :good-humored,playful conversation
