# List 3

## Unit 1

>### barb
- n. :a biting or pointedly critical remark or comment

>### barbarous
1. adj. :mercilessly harsh or cruel
2. adj. :uncivilized

>### barefaced
- adj. :undisguisedly bold;brazen

>### bargain
1. n. :an agreement between parties setting what each gives or receives in a transaction
2. vi. :to negotiate over the terms of a purchase

>### baroque
1. adj. :characterized by extravagance,complexity,or flamboyance
2. adj. :going beyond a normal or acceptable limit in degree or amount

>### barrage
1. n. :a heavy curtain of artillery fire directed in front of friendly troops to protect them
2. n. :an overwhelming,concentrated outpouring,as of words
3. v. :to attack with a rapid or overwhelming outpouring of many things at once

>### barren
1. adj. :incapable of producing offspring
2. adj. :producing no results;unproductive
3. adj. :deficient in production of vegetation and especially crops
4. adj. :utterly lacking in something needed,wanted,or expected

>### barricade
1. n. :an obstruction or rampart thrown up across a way or passage
2. vt. :to prevent access to by means of a barricade

>### barter
- v. :to trade(goods or services)without the exchange of money

>### batch
1. n. :a number of things  considered as a Unit
2. n. :a usually small number of persons considered as a Unit

## Unit 2

>### bathetic
- adj. :characterized by exceptional commonplaceness

>### bawdy
- adj. :boisterously or humorously indecent

>### bedeck
- vt. :to make more attractive by adding something that is beautiful or becoming

>### belabor
1. vt. :to criticize harshly and usually publicly
2. vt. :to explain or insist on excessively

>### beleaguer
1. vt. :to surround(as a fortified place)with armed forces for the purpose of capturing or preventing commerce and communication
2. vt. :trouble,harass,beset

>### belie
1. vt. :to picture falsely;misrepresent
2. vt. :to show(something) to be false or wrong
3. vt. :to keep secret or shut off from view
4. vt. :to be counter to;contradict

>### bellwether
- n. :one that takes the lead or initiative

>### beneficent
1. adj. :characterized by or performing acts of kindness or charity
2. adj. :promoting or contributing to personal or social well-being

>### benign
1. adj. :showing kindness and gentleness
2. adj. :not causing or being capable of causing injure or hurt

>### berate
- vt. :to scold or condemn vehemently and at length

## Unit 3

>### beseech
- vt. :to beg for urgently or anxiously

>### besmirch
1. vt. :to make dirty;soil
2. vt. :to detract from the honor or luster of

>### bifurcate
- v. :(to cause)to divide into two branches or parts

>### bigot
- n. :a person obstinately devoted to his own opinions and prejudices

>### bland
1. adj. :not irritating or stimulating;soothing
2. adj. :dull,insipid
3. adj. :not harsh or stern especially in nature or effect

>### blandishment
- n. :something that tends to coax or cajole

>### blase
- adj. :apathetic to pleasure or excitement as a result of excessive indulgence or enjoyment

>### blast
1. n. :an explosion or violent detonation
2. n. :a violent gust of wind
3. n. :a loud explosive sound
4. vt. :to cause to break open or into pieces by or as if by an explosive
5. vt. :to criticize harshly and usually publicly

>### blatant
1. adj. :noisy,especially in a vulgar or offensive manner
2. adj. :very noticeable especially for being incorrect or bad

>### blazon
1. vt. :to make known openly or publicly
2. v. :to make more attractive by adding something that is beautiful or becoming

## Unit 4

>### blemish
1. n. :a noticeable imperfection
2. vt. :to reduce the soundness,effectiveness,or perfection of

>### blight
1. v. :to affect(as a plant)with blight
2. v. :to impair the quality or effect of

>### bliss
1. n. :extreme happiness;ecstasy
2. n. :a dwelling place of perfect happiness for the soul after death

>### blithe
1. adj. :of a happy lighthearted character or disposition
2. adj. :having or showing freedom from worries or troubles

>### blueprint
1. n. :a photographic print used especially for architects' plans
2. vt. :to work out the details of (something)in advance

>### blunder
1. n. :a gross error or mistake resulting usually from stupidity,ignorance,or carelessness
2. v. :to make a stupid,usually serious error in;botch
3. v. :to move unsteadily or confusedly

>### blunt
1. vt. :to make less sharp or definite
2. vt. :to reduce or weaken in strength or feeling
3. adj. :being or characterized by direct,brief,and potentially ride speech or manner

>### blur
1. v. :to(cause sth. to)become vague or indistinct
2. vt. :to make(something)unclear to the understanding

>### blurt
- vt. :to utter abruptly and impulsively

>### bluster
1. v. :to speak in a loudly arrogant or bullying manner
2. n. :loudly boastful or threatening speech
3. n. :a state of noisy,confused activity

## Unit 5

>### boggle
1. v. :to hesitate because of doubt,fear,or scruples
2. v. :to make or do (something)in a clumsy or unskillful way

>### boisterous
- adj. :noisily turbulent

>### bolster
1. n./v. :a structural part designed to eliminate friction or provide support or bearing
2. vt. :to give a boost to

>### bombast
- n. :grandiloquent,pompous speech or writing

>### bonhomie
- n. :a pleasant and affable disposition;geniality

>### boo
- n./v. :a sound uttered to show contempt,scorn,or disapproval

>### boon
1. n. :benefit,favor
2. adj. :likely to seek or enjoy the company of others

>### boor
- n. :a rude or insensitive person

>### bootless
- adj. :useless,unprofitable,futile

>### bound
1. n. :a real or imaginary point beyond which a person or thing cannot go
2. vt. :to set limits or bounds to
3. adj. :fully committed to achieving a goal

## Unit 6

>### boycott
- vt. :to engage in a concerted refusal to have dealing with(as a person,store,or organization)usually to express disapproval or to force acceptance of certain conditions

>### bracing
- adj. :giving strength,vigor,or freshness

>### brake
- v. :to cause to move or proceed at a less rapid pace

>### brash
1. adj. :foolishly adventurous or bold
2. adj. :showing poor judgment especially in personal relationships or social situations

>### brassy
1. adj. :displaying or marked by rude boldness
2. adj. :cheap and showy;flashy

>### bravado
1. n. :a pretense of bravery
2. n. :blustering swaggering conduct

>### bravura
- adj./n. :brilliant technique or style in performance

>### brazen
1. adj. :marked by contemptuous boldness
2. v. :to face or undergo with bold self-assurance

>### breach
1. n. :a breaking of a moral or legal code
2. v. :to fail to keep

>### brevity
1. n. :shortness of duration
2. n. :the quality or state of being marked by or using only few words to convey much meaning

## Unit 7

>### bribe
- v. :to give something,such as money or a favor,to a person in a position of trust to influence that person's views or conduct

>### bridle
- v. :to keep from exceeding a desirable degree or level (as of expression)

>### brisk
1. adj. :marked by much life,movement,or activity
2. adj. :keen or sharp in speech or manner

>### bristle
1. v. :to express one's anger usually violently
2. v. :to be copiously supplied

>### brittle
1. adj. :easily broken,cracked,or snapped
2. adj. :lacking in friendliness or warmth of feeling

>### broach
1. vt. :to open for the first time
2. vt. :to present or bring forward for discussion

>### bromide
- n. :a commonplace or hackneyed statement or notion

>### brook
1. vt. :to stand for,tolerate
2. n. :a natural stream of water normally smaller than and often tributary to a river:creek

>### browbeat
- vt. :to intimidate by a stern manner or arrogant speech:bully

>### bruit
- vt. :to make (as a piece of information) the subject of common talk without any authority or confirmation of accuracy

## Unit 8

>### buck
1. v. :to refuse assent,to refuse to give in to
2. v. :to shift possession of (something) from one person to another

>### budge
1. v. :to alter a person or attitude
2. v. :to cease resistance(as to another's arguments,demands,or control)

>### bulge
1. n. :a protuberant or swollen part or place
2. n. :the more favorable condition or position in a competition
3. n. :a sudden,usually temporary increase in number or quantity
4. vi. :to be copiously supplied

>### bully
1. n. :a person who habitually treats others in an overbearing or intimidating manner
2. adj. :of the very best kind

>### bumptious
- adj. :having a feeling of superiority that show itself in an overbearing attitude

>### bungle
- vt. :to act or work clumsily and awkwardly

>### buoy
- vt. :to fill with courage or strength of purpose

>### buoyant
1. adj. :capable of floating
2. adj. :having or showing a good mood or disposition

>### burgeon
- vi. :to grow and expand rapidly;flourish

>### burlesque
- n./v. :to copy or exaggerate(someone or something)in order to make fun of

## Unit 9

>### burnish
- v. :to make smooth or glossy usually by repeatedly applying surface pressure

>### buttress
1. n. :a projecting structure for supporting or giving stability to a wall or building
2. vt. :to provide evidence or information for(as a claim or idea)

>### byzantine
- adj. :complicated or secretive,having many parts or aspects that are usually interrelated

>### cache
1. n. :a supply stored up and often hidden away
2. v. :to put into a hiding place

>### cachet
1. n. :an indication of approval carrying great prestige
2. n. :prestige

>### cacophony
- n. :loud,confused,and usually inharmonious sound

>### cadge
- v. :beg,sponge

>### cajole
- v. :to urge with gentle and repeated appeals,teasing,or flattery;wheedle

>### calcify
- vt. :to make inflexible or unchangeable

>### calibrate
1. vt. :to standardize(as a measuring instrument)by determining the deviation from a standard so as ascertain the proper correction factors
2. vt. :to measure precisely especially:to measure against a standard

## Unit 10

>### calligraphy
- n. :artistic,stylized,or elegant handwriting or lettering

>### callous
- adj. :emotionally hardened;unfeeling

>### callow
- adj. :lacking in adult experience or maturity

>### calumniate
- v. :to utter maliciously false statements,charges,or imputations about

>### camaraderie
- n. :a spirit of friendly good-fellowship

>### cameo
1. n. :a brief,vivid portrayal or depiction
2. v. :to make a brief but dramatic appearance,as in a film

>### camouflage
- v./n. :behavior or artifice designed to deceive or hide

>### canard
- n. :an unfounded or false,deliberately misleading story

>### candor
- n. :unreserved,honest,or sincere expression

>### canon
1. n. :a basis for judgement;a standard or criterion
2. n. :the authentic works of a writer
