# List 4

## Unit 1

>### canvass
1. v. :to examine carefully or discuss thoroughly;scrutinize
2. v. :to go through(a region)or go to (persons)to solicit votes or orders

>### capitulate
- v. :to give up all resistance;acquiesce;yield

>### caprice
1. n. :am impulsive change of mind
2. n. :an inclination to change one's mind impulsively

>### captivate
- vt. :to attract and hold by charm,beauty,or excellence

>### careworn
- adj. :showing the effect of grief or anxiety

>### cardinal
- adj. :of foremost importance;paramount

>### caricature
1. n. :exaggeration by means of often ludicrous distortion of parts or characteristics
2. v. :to copy or exaggerate(someone or something)in order to make fun of

>### carnal
1. adj. :relating to the physical
2. adj. :worldly

>### carous
- vi. :to drink liquor freely or excessively

>### carp
- vi. :to make often peevish criticisms or objections about matters that are minor,unimportant,or irrelevant;to express dissatisfaction,pain,or resentment usually tiresomely

## Unit 2

>### carve
1. v. :to create a three-dimensional representation of(something) using solid material
2. v. :to produce or bring about especially by long or repeated effort

>### cast
1. n. :a set of characters or persons
2. vt. :to assign(as an actor)to a role or part
3. vt. :to put forth,give off,to place as if by throwing
4. v. :to get rid of as useless or unwanted

>### castigate
1. vt. :to criticize harshly and usually publicly
2. vt. :to inflict a penalty on for a fault or crime

>### catalyze
- vt. :to be the cause of (a situation,action,or state of mind)

>### catastrophe
1. n. :the final event of the dramatic action especially of a tragedy
2. n. :utter failure:fiasco

>### categorical
- adj. :being without exception or qualification;absolute

>### catholic
- adj. :not limited or specialized in application or purpose

>### caustic
1. adj. :capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action:corrosive
2. adj. :marked by incisive sarcasm

>### caveat
- n. :a warning of a specific limitation of something such as information or an agreement

>### cavil
- v. :to find fault unnecessarily;raise trivial objections:quibble

## Unit 3

>### cavort
- vi. :to bound or prance about in a sprightly manner;caper

>### cede
- vt. :to surrender possession of,especially by treaty

>### cement
- n./v. :a uniting or binding force or influence

>### censor
- vt. :to examine in order to suppress or delete anything considered objection-able

>### censorious
- adj. :highly critical

>### censure
- v. :to express public or formal disapproval of

>### census
- n. :an official survey of the population of a country that is carried out in order to find out how many people live there and to obtain details of such things as people's ages and jobs

>### cessation
- n. :the stopping of a process or activity

>### chaff
- v. :to make jokes

>### chagrin
- n. :disquitetude or distress of mind caused by humiliation,disappointment,or failure

## Unit 4

>### chameleon
- n. :a person who dexterously and expediently changes or adopts opinions

>### champion
- vt. :to fight for,defend,or support as a champion

>### chaos
- n. :a condition or place of great disorder or confusion

>### charade
1. n. :a display of emotion or behavior that is insincere or intended to deceive
2. n. :a game in which words or phrases are represented in pantomine

>### charlatan
- n. :a person who makes elaborate,fraudulent,and often voluble claims to skill or knowledge;a quack or fraud

>### chary
- adj. :very cautious

>### chase
1. v. :to decorate(metal) by engraving or embossing
2. v. :to drive or force out

>### chasm
- n. :a pronounced difference of poinion,interests,or loyalty

>### chauvinistic
- adj. :having or showing excessive favoritism towards one's own country

>### check
1. vt. :to arrest the motion abruptly
2. v. :to be in agreement on every point

## Unit 5

>### cherubic
- adj. :innocent-looking usually chubby and rosy

>### chicanery
- n. :deception by artful subterfuge or sophistry

>### chide
- v. :to scold mildly so as to correct or improve

>### choleric
1. adj. :easily angered;bad-tempered
2. adj. :feeling or showing anger:angry,irate

>### chord
- vi. :to be in accord;agree

>### chromatic
- adj. :relating to colors or color

>### chronic
1. adj. :marked by long duration or frequent recurrence
2. adj. :being such by habit and not likely to change

>### churl
1. n. :a rude,boorish person
2. n. :a mean grasping person who is usually stingy with money

>### cipher
1. n. :a person of no importance or influence
2. v. :to determine(a value)by doing the necessary mathematical operations
3. n. :a method of transforming a text in order to conceal its meaning

>### circuitous
1. adj. :not being forthright or direct in language or action
2. adj. :using or containing more words than necessary to express an idea

## Unit 6

>### circumlocution
1. n. :the use of unnecessarily wordy and indirect language,evasion in speech
2. n. :the use of too many words to express an idea

>### circumscribe
1. vt. :to limit narrowly;restrict
2. vt. :to surround by or as if by a boundary

>### circumspect
- adj. :careful to consider all circumstances and possible consequences:prudent

>### circumvent
- vt. :to avoid having to comply with(something)especially through cleverness

>### civility
- n. :courteous behavior;politeness

>### claim
1. n./v. :to ask for especially as a right
2. vt. :to state as a fact usually forcefully
3. vt. :to deprive of life
4. n. :a legal right to participation in the advantages,profits,and responsibility of something

>### clandestine
- adj. :kept or done in secret,often in order to conceal an illicit or improper purpose

>### clarion
- adj. :loud and clear

>### clarity
1. n. :the quality or state of being clear:lucidity
2. n. :the state or quality of being easily seen through

>### clasp
- n./v. :the act or manner of holding

## Unit 7

>### clement
1. adj. :tolerant and kind in the judgment of and expectations for others
2. adj. :marked by temperatures that are neither too high nor too low

>### cliche
- n./adj. :a hackneyed theme,characterization,or situation

>### clog
1. n. :something that makes movement or progress difficult
2. v. :to create difficulty for the work or activity of
3. v. :to prevent passage through by filling with something

>### clot
1. n. :a number of things considered as a Unit
2. v. :to prevent passage through by filling with something
3. v. :to tum from a liquid into a substance resembling jelly

>### cloudburst
- n. :a sudden copious rainfall

>### clout
- n. :influence;pull

>### cloying
- adj. :excessively sweet;sentimental

>### clumsy
1. adj. :lacking or showing a lack of nimbleness in using one's hands;a lack of kill and tact
2. adj. :lacking social grace and assurance;showing an inability to move in a graceful manner
3. adj. :hastily or roughly constructed

>### coagulate
- v. :to (cause to)become viscous or thickened into a coherent mass:curdle,clot

>### coalesce
- v. :to unite into a whole:fuse

## Unit 8

>### coax
- v. :to persuade or try to persuade by pleading or flattery;cajole

>### coda
- n. :the concluding passage of a movement or composition

>### coerce
- vt. :to achieve by force or threat

>### coeval
- adj. :of the same or equal age,antiquity,or duration

>### cogent
1. adj. :appealing forcibly to the mind or reason:convincing
2. adj. :pertinent,relevant

>### cognizant
- adj. :fully informed;conscious;aware

>### collapse
1. n./vi. :to fall or shrink together abruptly and completely
2. n. :a complete depletion of energy or strength
3. v./n. :to be unsuccessful;a falling short of one's goals

>### collude
- v. :to act together secretly to achieve a fraudulent,illegal,or deceitful purpose;conspire

>### colossal
- adj. :of a size,extent,or degree that elicits awe or taxes belief;immense

>### coltish
1. adj. :not subjected to discipline
2. adj. :given to good-natured joking or teasing

## Unit 9

>### coma
1. n. :a state of profound unconsciousness caused by disease,injury,or poison
2. n. :a state of mental or physical sluggishness:torpor

>### combustible
1. adj. :capable of igniting and burning
2. adj. :easily excited

>### comely
- adj. :pleasing and wholesome in appearance;attractive

>### comity
- n. :friendly social stmosphere:social harmony

>### commencement
1. n. :a beginning;a start
2. n. :the ceremonies or the day for conferring degrees or diplomas

>### commend
1. vt. :to mention with approbation: praise
2. vt. :to entrust for care or preservation
3. vt. :to recommend as worthy of confidence or notice

>### commensurate
1. adj. :equal in measure or extent
2. adj. :corresponding in size or degree;proportionate

>### commingle
- v. :to blend thoroughly into a harmonious whole

>### commitment
1. n. :the state or an instance of being obligated or emotionally impelled
2. n. :a strong belief in something
3. n. :the act of revealing one's view of

>### committed
- adj. :loyal to a belief,organization,or group,and willing to work hard for it

## Unit 10

>### commodious
- adj. :comfortably or conveniently spacious:roomy

>### commonsensical
- adj. :displaying common sense,based on sound reasoning or information

>### commotion
- n. :an agitated disturbance

>### compendium
1. n. :a brief summary of a larger work or of a field of knowledge:abstract
2. n. :a list or collection of various items

>### complacency
- n. :a feeling of self-satisfaction,coupled with an unawareness of trouble

>### complaisance
- n. :disposition to please or comply:affability

>### compliant
- adj. :ready or disposed to comply:submissive

>### compliment
1. n./vt. :an expression of praise,admiration,or congratulation
2. n. :formal and respectful recognition:honor

>### comply
- vi. :to conform,submit,or adapt(as to a regulation or to another's wishes)as required or requested

>### compose
1. vt. :to free from agitation:calm
2. v. :to form the substance of:constitute
