# day 1

>## divulge
- v. to make known(something private or secret)

>## inadvertent
1. adj. marked by or resulting from carelessness;negligent
2. adj. not deliberate or considered;unintentional

>## panegyric
- n. a formal eulogistic composition intended as a public compliment

>## draconian
- adj. exceedingly harsh or very severe

>## hodgepodge
- n. a mixture of different things

>## incontrovertible
- adj. impossible to dispute

>## impartial
- adj. not partial or biased

>## endemic
- adj. prevalent in or limited to a particular locality,region,or people

>## minuscule
- adj. very small and tiny

>## lucrative
- adj. producing wealth

>## compensate
- v. to offset an error,defect,or undesired effect
- v. to serve as or provide a subsitute or counter balance

>## discursive
- adj. moving from topic to topic without order;rambling
- adj. marked by analytical reasoning

>## presuppose
- v. to suppose beforehand
- v. to require as an antecedent in logic or fact

>## intermediary
- n./adj. acting as mediator

>## derogate
- v. to cause to seem inderior

>## overbearing
- adj. often trying to control the behavior of other people in an annoying or unwanted way

>## zealous
- adj. marked by fervent partisanship for a person,a cause,or an ideal

>## extraneous
- adj. not important
- adj. coming from the outside

>## rehash
- v. to bring forth again in another form without significant alteration

>## perfunctory
- adj. acting with indifference,showing little interest or care

>## compound
- v. to form by combining separate things
- v. to make worse

>## envy
- v. to feel a desire to have what someone else has

>## defensive
- adj. in a situation which you are forced to defend or protect someone or something

>## unbounded
- adj. not limited in any way

>## specious
- adj. falsely appearing to be right

>## aimless
- adj. not having a goal or purpose

>## ingenuous
- adj. having or showing the innocence,trust,and honesty that young people often have

>## intrinsic
- adj. belonging to the essential nature of a thing

>## inevitable
- adj. sure to happen

>## intransigent
- adj. completely unwilling to change

>## detached
- adj. not influenced by emotions or personal interest
- adj. not joined or connected

>## inverterate
- adj. always or often happening or existing
- adj. always or often doing something specified

>## backhanded
- adj. oblique or indirect
- adj. having derogatory or insulting implications

>## affable
- adj. easy and pleasant to speak to

>## whimsy
- n. an unusual,unexpected,or fanciful idea

>## tenacious
- adj. very determined to do something
- adj. continuing for a long time

>## sardonic
- adj. scornfully or cynically mocking

>## skullduggery
- n. secret or dishonest behavior or activity

>## legitimate
- adj. being in compliance with the law
- adj. valid or justifiable
- v. to make(something)real,accepted,or official or to show that(something)is fair or reasonable

>## plagiarize
- v. to reproduce or otherwise use as one's own

>## disavow
- v. to say that you are not responsible for

>## deplete
- v. to use most or all of

>## ridicule
- v. to laugh at and makejokes about

>## undermine
- v. to make(someone or something)weaker or less effective

>## self-serving
- adj. having or showing concern only about your own needs and interests

>## perishable
- adj. likely to spoil or decay quickly

>## capricious
- adj. changing often and quickly

>## egotism
- n. an inflated sense of one's own importance

>## unqualified
- adj. complete or total
- adj. not having the skills,knowledge,or experience needed to do a particular job or activity

>## magisterial
- adj. authoritative

>## chauvinistic
- adj. believing that your country is better than any other

>## sleek
- adj. straight and smmoth in design or shape
- adj. stylish and attractive

>## astringent
- adj. very critical in a sharp and often clever way

>## ambivalent
- adj. simultaneous and contradictory attitudes or feelings toward an object,person,or action

>## ameliorate
- v. to make better or more toerable

>## exemplar
- n. a typical example

>## grudge
- v. to be unwilling to give or admit
- n. a deep-seated feeling of resentment or rancor

>## sweeping
- adj. extensive
- adj. marked by wholesale and indiscriminate inclusion

>## extirpate
- v. to destroy or remove completely

>## parity
- n. equality

>## utilitarian
- adj. made to be useful rather than to be decorative or comfortale
- adj. of or relating to utilitarianism

>## elicit
- v. to call forth or draw out

>## beneficial
- adj. producing good or helpful results or effects

>## intoxicate
- v. to excite or elate to the point of enthusiasm or frenzy

>## inchoate
- adj. being in a beginning or early stage
- adj. imerfectly informed or developed

>## rebuff
- n. a blunt or abrupt repulse or refusal
- v. to reject bluntly,often disdainfully

>## construe
- v. to understand the meaning of

>## fallacy
- n. a false or mistaken idea

>## incremental
- n. the action or process of increasing especially in quantity or value

>## deteriorate
- v. to make(something)worse

>## grandiose
- adj. impressive because of uncommon largeness,scope,effect,or grandeur
- adj. excessive self-importance or affected grandeur

>## truncate
- v. to make shorter

>## haphazard
- adj. having no plan,order,or direction

>## quizzical
- adj. expressive of puzzlement,curiosity,or disbelief

>## provincial
- adj. limited in outlook
- adj. lacking the polish of urban society

>## insensitive
- adj. not responsive or susceptible

>## shackle
- v. to deprive of freedom especially of action by means of restrictions or handicaps

>## cumbersome
- adj. unwieldy because of heaviness and bulk

>## encomium
- n. glowing and warmly enthusiastic praise

>## decelerate
- v. to decrease the rate of progress of

>## revitalize
- v. to make active,healthy,or energetic again

>## indisputable
- adj. impossible to question or doubt

>## roost
- v. to settle down for rest or sleep

>## corroborate
- v. to support with evidence or authority

>## harsh
- adj. severe or cruel
- adj. causing a disagreeable or painful sensory reaction

>## proclivity
- n. a strong natural liking for something

>## hysteria
- n. a state in which your emotions(such as fear)are so strong that you behave in an uncontrolled way

>## speculate
- v. to think about something and make guesses about it

>## conducive
- adj. tending to promote or assist

>## vexation
- n. something that worries or annoys you

>## disdain
- v. to strongly dislike or disapprove of(someone or something)

>## caterwaul
- v. to make a very loud and unpleasant sound
- v. to protest or complain noisily

>## efficacious
- adj. having the power to produce a desired result or effect

>## alienate
- v. to cause(someone)to feel that she or he no longer belongs in a particular group,society,etc.
- v. to cause(someone)to stop being friendly,helpful,etc.,towards you

>## analgesic
- n. a drug that relieves pain

>## anatomize
- v. to cut in pieces in order to display or examine the structure and use of the parts
- v. to analyze

>## embargo
- n. a government order that limits trade in some way

>## contemplate
- v. to think deeply or carefully about

>## dogmatic
- adj. expressing personal opinions or beliefs as if they are certainly correct and cannot be doubted

>## concrete
- adj. naming a real thing or class of things
- adj. specific or particular

>## equitable
- adj. just or fair

>## fervent
- adj. exhibiting or marked by great intensity of feeling

>## alleviate
- v. to reduce the pain or trouble of

>## contagious
- adj. communicable by contact

>## pedantic
- adj. narrowly,stodgily,and often ostentatiously learned

>## unwieldy
- adj. difficult to handle,control,or deal with because of being large,heavy,or complex

>## vociferous
- v. expressing feelings or opinions in a very loud or forceful way

>## profess
- v. to say or declare(something)openly

>## obeisance
- n. respect for someone or something

>## diffuse
- adj. spread out over a large space

>## fulminate
- v. to utter or send out with denunciation

>## voluble
- adj. talking a lot in an energetic and rapid way

>## sterling
- adj. conforming to the highest standard

>## surmount
- v. to previal over
- v. to stand or lie at the top of

>## prying
- adj. trying to find out about other people's private lives

>## inhibit
- v. to hold in check

>## censure
- n. official strong criticism

>## peripatetic
- adj. intinerant

>## stringent
- adj. very strict or severe

>## dwindle
- v. to gradully become smaller

>## underrate
- v. to rate or value(someone or something)too low

>## incursion
- n. a hostile entrance into a territory
- n. an entering in or into

>## pastiche
- n. a work that imitates the style of previous works

>## dishearten
- v. to cause(a person or group of people)to lose hope,enthusiasm,or courage

>## emulate
- v. to strive to equal or excel

>## adduce
- v. to mention or provide(something,such as a fact or example)as evidence or proof to support an argument

>## emblematic
- adj. representing something(such as an idea,state,or emotion)that cannot be seen by itself

>## indict
- v. to charge with a fault or offense

>## discontinue
- v. to end(something)

>## wary
- adj. marked by keen caution,cunnig,and wathcfulness especially in detecting and escaping danger

>## opprobrium
- n. very strong disapproval or criticism of a person or thing especially by a large number of people

>## aesthetic
- adj. of or relating to art or beauty
- adj. pleasing in appearance

>## expedite
- v. to cause(something)to happen faster

>## captivate
- v. to attract and hold the attention of(someone)by being interesting,pretty,etc.

>## irreversible
- adj. impossible to change back to a previous condition or state

>## emotive
- adj. causing strong emotions for or against something

>## refine
- v. to remove the unwanted substances in (something)
- v. to improve(something)by making small changes

>## exhilarate
- v. to cause(someone)to feel very happy and excited

>## solitary
- adj. not involving or including anyone or anything else

>## jar
- v. to make(someone)feel uneasy
- v. to make a harsh or discordant sound

>## unfettered
- adj. not controlled or restricted

>## flummery
- n. meaningless or deceptive language

>## implacable
- adj. opposed to someone or something in a very angry or determined way that cannot be changed

>## arduous
- adj. hard to accomplish or achieve
- marked by great labor or effort

>## conciliatory
- adj. having the intention or effect of making angry people calm

>## optimisim
- n. a feeling or belief that good things will happen in the future

>## vindicate
- v. to show that(someone)should not be blamed for a crime,mistake,etc.

>## malady
- n. a disease or illness

>## warrant
- v. to give assurance
- v. to serve as or give adequate ground or reason for

>## puncture
- v. to make a hole in (something) with a sharp point
- v. to make useless or ineffective as if by a puncture

>## ascribe
- v. to think of as coming from a specified cause,source,or author

>## clandestine
- adj. done secretly

>## equivocal
- adj. having two or more possible meanings

>## elucidate
- v. to make(something that is hard to understand)clear or easy to understand

>## propaganda
- n. ideas or statements that are often false or exaggerated and that are spread in order to help a cause,a political leader,a government,etc.

>## putative
- adj. generally believed or assumed to be something

>## conjecture
- v./n. to form an opinion or idea without proof or sufficient evidence

>## coalesce
- v. to come together to form one group or mass

>## tractable
- adj. easily managed or controlled

>## warble
- v. to sing a melody of low pleasing sounds

>## knotty
- adj. difficult or complicated

>## dichotomy
- n. something with seemingly contradictory qualities
- n. bifurcation

>## restive
- adj. stubbornly resisting control
- adj. marked by impatience or uneasiness

>## courteous
- adj. very polite in a way that shows respect

>## invigorate
- v. to give life and energy to

>## truculent
- adj. easily annoyed or angered and likely to argue
- adj. scathingly harsh

>## congenial
- adj. very friendly
- adj. pleasant and harmonious
- adj. having the same nature,disposition,or tastes

>## insouciance
- n. feeling of not worrying about anything

>## devastate
- v. to destroy much or most of(something)
- v. to cause(something)to feel extreme emotional pain

>## keen
- adj. very excited about and interested in something
- adj. extremel sensitive in perception
- adj. having a fine edge or point
- adj. having or showing mental sharpness

>## ethos
- n. the distinguishing character,sentiment,moral nature,or guiding beliefs of a person,group,or organization

>## flagrant
- adj. so bad as to be impossible to overlook

>## solitude
- n. a state or situation in which you are alone usually because you want to be

>## anachronism
- n. something(such as a word,an object,or an event)that is mistakenly placed in a time where it does not belong in a story,movie,etc.
- n. one that is out of its proper or chronnological order,especially a person or practice that belongs to an earlier time

>## turbid
- adj. haveing sediment or foreign particles stirred up or suspended
- adj. in a state of turmoil

>## confine
- v. to keep within limits

>## venerate
- v. to feel or show deep respect for

>## premeditate
- v. to think,consider,or deliberate beforehand

>## insular
- adj. separated from other people or cultures
- adj. not knowing or interested in new or different ideas

>## consolidate
- v. to make(something,such as a position of power or control)stronger or more secure

>## upheaval
- n. a major change or period of change that causes a lot of conflict,confusion,anger,etc.

>## unyielding
- adj. not changing or stopping

>## mendacious
- adj. not honest

>## sonorous
- adj. having a sound that is deep,loud,and pleasant

>## fertile
- adj. producing a large amount of something

>## decadent
- adj. having low morals and a great love of pleasure,money,fame,etc.
- adj. attractive to people of low morals who are only interested in pleasure

>## indispensable
- adj. extremely important and necessary

>## covert
- adj. secret or hidden

>## instinct
- n. a natural or inherent aptitude,impulse,or capacity

>## discern
- v. to detect or recognize

>## orientation
- n. a usually general or lasting direction of thought,inclination,or interest
- n. the relative position or direction of something

>## riddle
- n. a mystifying,misleading,or puzzling question posed as a problem to be solved or guessed

>## jejune
- adj. not interesting

>## clownish
- adj. acting in a silly or funny way

>## indifferent
- adj. not interested in or concerned about something
- adj. neither good nor bad

>## lethargic
- adj. feeling a lack of energy or a lack of interest in doing things

>## clique
- n. a small exclusive group of friends or associates

>## fungible
- adj. interchangeable or replaceable

>## complimentary
- adj. expressing praise or admiration for someone or something
- adj. given for free

>## empirical
- adj. originating in or based on observation or experience
