# day 2

>## conform
- v. to obey or agree with something
- v. to do what other people do

>## solicitous
- adj. showing great attention or concern to another

>## insult
- v. to do or say something that is offensive to(someone)

>## acrimony
- n. harsh or biting sharpness especially of words,manner,or disposition

>## misconception
- n. a false idea or belief

>## mundane
- adj. dull and ordinay

>## ambiguous
- adj. able to be understood in more than one way

>## allure
- v. to entice by charm or attraction

>## cagey
- adj. not willing to say everything that you know about something
- adj. wary of being trapped or deceived
- adj. very clever

>## heresy
- adj. a belief or opinion that does not agree with the official belief or opinion of a particular religion

>## parsimony
- n the quality of being very unwilling to spend money

>## cunning
- adj. getting what is wanted in a clever and often deceptive way
- adj. dexerous or crafty in the use of special resources

>## highlight
- v. to make or try to make people notice or be aware of

>## judicious
- adj. having or showing good judgement

>## disguise
- v. to obscure the existence or true state or character of

>## far-fetched
- adj. not likely to happen or be true

>## eclipse
- v. to make(something)less important or popular
- v. to surpass
- v. n

>## impulsive
- adj. doing things or tending to do things suddenly and without careful thought

>## exculpate
- v. to prove that someone is not guilty of doing something wrong

>## overblow
- v. to exaggerate

>## obfuscate
- v. to make(something)more difficult to understand
- v. to darken

>## droll
- adj. having an odd and amusing quality

>## inconclusive
- adj. leading to no conclusion or definite result

>## disperse
- v. to go or move in different directions

>## amplify
- v. to speak or write about(something)in a more complete way
- v. to make larger or greater

>## exaggerate
- v. to make(something)large or greater than norma

>## unwitting
- adj. not aware of what is really happening
- adj. not intended or planned

>## inclusive
- adj. broad in orientation or scope
- adj. not limited to certain people

>## diatribe
- n. an angry and usually long speech or piece of writing that strongly criticizes someone or something

>## promulgate
- v. to make(an idea,belief,etc.)known to many people
- v. to make(a new law)known officially and publicly

>## consilience
- n. the linking together of principles from different disciplines especially when forming a comprehensive theory

>## ebullient
- adj. lively and enthusiastic

>## bolster
- v. to give support to

>## dispute
- v. to engage in argument or oppose

>## exposition
- n. clear expanation
- n. a public show or exhibition

>## startling
- adj. very surprising,shocking,or frightening

>## coddle
- v. to treat(someone)with too much care or kindness

>## nuance
- n. a very small difference in color,tone,meaning,etc.

>## peculiar
- adj. not usual or normal

>## uncontested
- adj. not contested

>## egalitarian
- adj. aiming for equal wealth,status,etc.,for all people

>## propitiate
- v. to make(someone)pleased or less angry by giving or saying something desired

>## futile
- adj. pointless or useless

>## urgent
- adj. very important and needing immediate attention

>## unassuming
- adj. not having or showing a desire to be noticed,praised

>## amicable
- adj. showing a polite and friendly desire to avoid disagreement and argument

>## unfounded
- adj. lacking a sound basis

>## plastic
- adj. not real or sincere
- adj. capable of being made into different shapes

>## apocalypse
- n. a great disaster

>## authoritative
- adj. clearly accurate or knowledgeable

>## clamorous
- adj. noisily insistent

>## placate
- v. to cause(someone)to feel less angry about something

>## far-reaching
- adj. having a wide range or effect

>## disinterested
- adj. not influenced by personal feelings,opinions,or concerns

>## embolden
- v. to make(someone)more confident

>## imcompatible
- adj. not able to exist together without trouble or conflict;not able to be used together

>## stale
- adj. having an unpleasant taste or smell
- adj. boring or unoriginal

>## lionize
- v. to treat(someone)as a very important and famous person

>## preachy
- adj. trying to teach something(such as proper or moral behavior)in a way that is annoying or unwanted

>## illusory
- adj. based on something that is not true or real

>## profit-monger
- n. a person,business or profession marked by avarice and greed

>## felicitous
- adj. very well suited for some purpose or situation
- adj. pleasant or delightful

>## averse
- adj. having an active feeling of repugnance or distaste

>## trigger
- v./n. to cause(something)to start or happen

>## integrity
- n. the quality of being honest and fair

>## conservation
- n. a careful perservation and protection of something

>## spontaneous
- adj. done or said in a natural and often sudden way and without a lot of thought or planning
- adj. controlled and directed internally
- adj. not apparently contrived or manipulated

>## pushover
- n. an opponent that is easy to defeat
- n. someone who is easy to persuade or influence
- n. something that is easy to do

>## comprehensive
- adj. covering completely or broadly

>## insufferable
- adj. too unpleasant to deal with or accept

>## sequential
- adj. happeing in a series or sequence

>## surreptitious
- adj. done in a secret way

>## dispassionate
- adj. not influenced or affected by emotions

>## transient
- adj. not lasting long

>## vacant
- adj. not filled,used,or lived in
- adj. devoid of thought,reflection,or expression

>## canned
- adj. lacking originality or individuality as if mass-produced
- adj. prepared or recorded in advance

>## soft-pedal
- v. to treat or describe(something)as less important than it really is

>## feign
- v. to give a false appearance of

>## daunting
- adj. very difficult to do or deal with

>## downright
- adv. completely

>## autonomous
- adj. having the power or right to govern itself
- adj. repsonding,reacting,or developing independently of the whole

>## indeterminate
- adj. not able to be stated or described in an exact way

>## opulent
- adj. very comfortable and expensive
- adj. very wealthy

>## pervasive
- adj. existing in or spreading through every part of something

>## omnipresent
- adj. present everywhere simultaneously

>## entangle
- v. to cause(someone)to get caught in or twisted with something else
- v. to get(someone)involved in a confusing or difficult situation

>## dilatory
- adj. tending or intended to cause delay

>## generic
- adj. having no particularly distinctive quality or application

>## sensational
- adj. exceedingly or unexpectedly excellent or great
- adj. causing very great excitement or interest with shocking details

>## explicable
- adj. possible to explain

>## pernicious
- adj. causing great harm or damage often in a way that is not easily seen or noticed

>## convoluted
- adj. very complicated and difficult to understand

>## bureaucracy
- n. a system of government or business that has many complicated rules and ways of doing things

>## widespread
- adj. common over a wide area or among many people

>## compliant
- adj. ready and willing to comply

>## trifling
- adj. having little value or importance

>## compunction
- n. a feeling of guilt or regret

>## cynical
- adj. believing or showing the belief that people are motivated chiefly by base or selfish concerns

>## pretentious
- adj. having or showing the unpleasant quality of people who want to be regarded as more impressive,successful,or important than they really are

>## customary
- adj. usual or typical or a particular person

>## vilify
- v. to utter slanderous and abusive atatements agianst

>## tantamount
- adj. equal to something in value,meaning,or effect

>## unflinching
- adj. staying strong and determined even when things are difficult

>## cowardice
- n. lack of courage or resolution

>## prototype
- n. a standard or typical example
- n. an original model on which something is patterned

>## equanimity
- n. calm emotions when dealing with problems or pressure

>## espouse
- v. to express support for(a cause,belief,etc.)

>## inattention
- n. failure to carefully think about,listen to,or watch someone or something

>## fractious
- adj. irritable or peevish
- adj. inclined to make trouble

>## disorganize
- v. to destroy or interrupt the orderly structure or function of

>## figurative
- adj. showing people and things in a way that resembles how they really look

>## entail
- v. to have(something)as a part,step,or result

>## impeccable
- adj. having no flaws

>## stifle
- v. to not allow yourself to do or express(something)
- v. to kill by depriving of oxygen

>## pragmatic
- adj. practical

>## didactic
- adj. designed or intended to teach people something

>## dazzle
- v. to greatly impress or surprise(someone)by being very attractive or exciting

>## stalwart
- adj. loyal and resolute
- adj. strong and imposing

>## archaic
- adj. ole and no longer used

>## palliate
- v. to make the effects of(something,such as an illness)less painful,harmful,or harsh

>## accede
- v. to agree to a request or a demand
- v. to become a party(as to an agreement)

>## consort
- v. to keep company

>## hostile
- adj. not friendly

>## ubiquitous
- adj. seeming to be seen everywhere

>## authenticate
- v. to prove that something is real,true,or genuine

>## condescend
- v. to show that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people
- v. to do something that you usually do not do because you believe you are too important to do it

>## predilection
- n. a natural liking for something

>## fruitless
- adj. producing no good results

>## diminutive
- adj. extremely or extraodinarily small

>## illustrious
- adj. admired and respected very much because a lot was achieved

>## unconscionable
- adj. not guided or controlled by conscience
- adj. shockingly unfair or unjust

>## trivial
- adj. not important

>## callow
- adj. lacking adult sophostication

>## sketchy
- adj. done quickly without many details

>## bemuse
- v. to cause(someone)to be confused and often also somewhat amused
- v. to occupy the attention of

>## exotic
- adj. introduced from another country
- adj. strikingly,excitingly,or mysteriously different or unusual

>## intuition
- n. a feeling that guides a person to act a certain way without fully understanding why

>## episodic
- adj. limited to the duration of an episode
- adj. happening or appearing at different times

>## dovish
- adj. advocating peace,conciliation or negotiation in preference to confrontation or armed conflict

>## realm
- n. an area of activity,interest,or knowledge
- n. a country that is ruled by a king or queen

>## persage
- v. to give or be a sign of(something what will happen or develop in the future)

>## distinctive
- adj. different in a way that is easy to notice

>## concomitant
- adj. accompanying especially in a subordinate or incidental way

>## abstemious
- adj. not eating and drinking too much

>## versatile
- adj. changing or fluctuating readily
- adj. having many uses or applications

>## vacillate
- v. to repeatedly change your opinions or designs
- v. to fluctuate or oscillate

>## devious
- adj. willing to lie and trick people in order to get what is wanted
- adj. not straight or direct

>## suffice
- v. to be or provide as much as is needed

>## astute
- adj. having or showing an ability to notice and understand things clearly

>## outrage
- v. to make(someone)very angry

>## consensus
- n. a general agreement about something

>## metaphor
- n. a word or phrase for one thing that is used to refer to another thing in order to show or suggest that they are similar
- n. an object,activity,or ideal that is used as a symbol of something else

>## outstrip
- v. to be or become better,greater,or larger than(someone or something)

>## querulous
- adj. complaining in an annoyed way

>## salient
- adj. very important or noticeable

>## culmination
- n. the end or final result of something

>## camaraderie
- n. a feeling of good friendship among the people in a group

>## cordial
- adj. politely pleasant and friendly

>## tribute
- n. something done,said,or given to show respect,gratitude,or affection

>## observant
- adj. paying strict attention or good at noticing what is going on around you

>## collegiality
- n. the cooperative relationship of colleagues

>## pensive
- adj. lost in serious or sad thought

>## penance
- n. something that you do or are given to do in order to show that you are sad or sorry about doing something wrong

>## rile
- v. to make agitated and angry

>## lambaste
- v. to criticize(someone or something)very harshly

>## undercut
- v. to make(something)weaker or less effective

>## harrow
- v. to torment or vex
- n. pa

>## paradigm
- n. a model or pattern for something that may be copied

>## dissent
- v. to publicly disagree with an official opinion,decision,or set of beliefs

>## initiate
- v. to begin
- v. to teach(someone)the basic facts or ideas about something

>## mutual
- adj. shared between two or more people or groups

>## robust
- adj. strong and healthy
- adj. capable of performing without failure under a wide range of conditions

>## betoken
- v. to be a sign of(something)

>## conceal
- v. to hide(something or someone)from sight

>## outnumber
- v. to be more than(someone or something)in number

>## itinerant
- adj. traveling from place to place especially covering a circuit

>## demonize
- v. to represent as diabolically evil

>## sober
- adj. having or showing a very serious attitude or quality

>## incendiary
- adj. tending to inflame
- adj. causing anger
- n. a person who exites factions,quarrels,or sedition;agitator

>## salutary
- adj. producing a beneficial effect

>## replete
- adj. having much or plenty of something

>## snobbish
- adj. having or showing the attitude of people who think they are better than other people

>## seditious
- adj. disposed to arouse or take part in or guilty of sedition

>## expatriate
- v. to banish

>## synopsis
- n. a short description of the most important information about something

>## affirmative
- adj. positive
- adj. asserting that something is true or correct

>## emendation
- n. the act or practice of emending

>## collective
- adj. shared or done by a group of people

>## synonymous
- adj. having the same meaning
- adj. having the same connotations,implications,or reference

>## modicum
- n. a small amount

>## retrenchment
- n. reduction or curtailment

>## magnify
- v. to make greater
- v. to exaggerate

>## obligatory
- adj. compulsory

>## commensurate
- adj. equal or similar to something in size,amount,or degree

>## slogan
- n. a word or phrase that is easy to remember and is used by a group or business to attract attention

>## long-winded
- adj. tediously long in speaking or writing

>## slippery
- adj. difficult to stand on because of being smooth,wet,icy.etc.
- adj. not easy to understand or identify in an exact way
- adj. not able to be trusted

>## hefty
- adj. large and heavy

>## forbidding
- adj. not friendly or appealing
