# day 3

>## forbidding
- adj. not friendly or appealing

>## wide-ranging
- adj. extensive in scope

>## diligent
- adj. characterized by steady,earnest,and energetic effort

>## punctilious
- adj. very careful about behaving properly and doing things in a correct and accurate way

>## engaging
- adj. very attractive or pleasing in a way that holds your attention

>## evanescent
- adj. lasting a very short time

>## free-for-all
- n. an uncontrolled fight or competition that involces many people

>## rudimentary
- adj. basic or simple

>## bustling
- adj. full of energetic and noisy activity

>## prioritize
- v. to organize (things)so that the most important thing is done or dealt with first

>## envision
- v. to think of(something that you believe might exist or happen in the future)

>## circumscribe
- v. to limit the size or amount of(something)

>## reminiscent
- adj. reminding you of someone or something else
- adj. having many thoughts of the past

>## symmetrical
- adj. having sides or halves that are the same

>## overthrow
- v. to remove(someone or something)from power especially by force

>## juvenile
- adj. reflecting psychological or intellectual immaturity

>## elude
- v. to avoid or escape(someone or something)by being quick,skillful,or clever
- v. to fail to be understood or remembered by(someone)
- v. to fail to be achieved by(someone)

>## jettison
- v. to reject(something,such as a plan or idea)

>## detriment
- n. something that will cause damage or injury to something or someone

>## baroque
- adj. characterized by grotesqueness,extravagance,complexity,or flamboyance

>## quixotic
- adj. foolishly impractical especially in the pursuit of ideals
- adj. capricious or unpredictable

>## mockery
- n. insulting or contemptous action or speech

>## tactful
- adj. careful not to offend or upset other people

>## trendy
- adj. very fashionable

>## subsidize
- v. to help someone or something pay for the costs of(something)

>## numinous
- adj. supernatural,mysterious

>## anomalous
- adj. not expected or usual

>## mawkish
- adj. sad or romantic in a foolish or exaggerated way

>## invidious
- adj. unpleasant and likely to cause bad feelings in other people

>## austere
- adj. simple or unadorned
- adj. having a serious and unfriendly quality
- adj. relating to or having a strict and simple way of living that avoids physical pleasure

>## impede
- v. to slow the movement,progress,or action of(someone or something)

>## frank
- adj. marked by free,forthright,and sincere expression

>## disjunction
- n. a lack of connection between thing that are related or should be connected

>## finicky
- adj. very hard to please

>## hazardous
- adj. involving risk or danger

>## chicanery
- n. deception by artful subterfuge or sophistry

>## vertifiable
- adj. capable of being verified

>## demonstrable
- adj. able to be proven or shown
- adj. apparent,evident

>## petinacious
- adj. stubbornly tenacious
- adj. perversely persistent

>## scarce
- adj. not plentiful or abundant

>## lavish
- adj. having a very rich and expensive quality
- adj. giving or using a large amount of something
- v. to expend or bestow with profusion

>## sanguine
- adj. confident and hopeful

>## waver
- to become unsteady beacause of weakness,emotion,tiredness,etc.

>## engender
- v. to cause to exist or to develop

>## elusive
- adj. hard to understand,define,or remeber
- adj. hard to find or capture

>## ponder
- v. to think about or consider(something)carefully

>## proliferate
- v. to increase in number or amount quickly

>## paucity
- n. a small amount of something

>## univocal
- adj. having one meaning only
- adj. unarmbiguous

>## dejected
- adj. sad because of failure,loss,etc.

>## surplus
- n. an amount(such as an amount of money)that is more than the amount that is needed

>## impertinent
- adj. rude and showing a lack of respect
- adj. not pertinent

>## one-of-kind
- n. person or thing that is not like and other person or thing

>## apropos
- adj. being both relevant and opportune
- prep. with regard to

>## characterization
- n. the act of describing the character or qualities of someone or something

>## ingratiate
- v. to gain favor or approval for(yourself)by doing or saying things that people like

>## concoct
- v. to invert or develop(a plan,story,etc.)especially in order to trick or deceive someone

>## disgorge
- v. to empty whatever is in the stomach through the mouth
- v. to discharge the contents of

>## baseless
- adj. groudless or unwarranted

>## momentary
- adj. lasting a very short time

>## debilitate
- v. to impair the strength of

>## acute
- adj. important or critical
- adj. marked by keen discemment or intellectual perception especially of subtl distinctions
- adj. lasting a short time
- adj. having a rapid onset and following a short but severe course
- adj. reacting readily stimuli or impressions

>## resent
- v. to be angry or upset about(someone or something that you think is unfair)

>## delightful
- adj. highly pleasing

>## decisive
- adj. resolute or determined
- adj. determining waht the result of something will be
- adj. very clear and obvious

>## testimony
- n. proof or evidence that something exists or is true

>## nominal
- adj. existing as something in name only
- adj. very small in amount

>## simultaneous
- adj. happening at the same time

>## monotonous
- adj. tediously uniform or unvarying

>## divination
- n. a prediction uttered under divine inspiration

>## virtuosity
- n. great ability or skill shown by a musician,performer,etc.

>## manifest
- adj. easy to understand or recognize
- to show(something)clearly

>## purview
- n. an area within which someone or something has authority,incluence,or knowledge

>## annex
- v. to add to something earlier,larger,or more important
- v. to incorporate(a country or other territory)within the domain of a state

>## shriek
- to make a loud,high-pitched cry

>## ephemeral
- adj. lasting for a markedly brief time

>## erudite
-adj having or showing knowledge that is learned by studying

>## plague
- v. to cause worry or distress to
- n. a disease that causes death and that spreads quickly to a large number of people

>## counterintuitive
- adj. not agreeing with what seems right or natural

>## intriguing
- adj. extremely interesting

>## magnanimous
- adj. having or showing a generous and kind nature

>## untether
- v. to free from or as if from a tether

>## formulaic
- adj. containing or made from ideas or expressions that have been used many times before and are therefore not very new or interesting

>## gambit
- n. a calculated move

>## vivacious
- adj. happy and lively in a way that is attractive

>## stratify
- v. to divide or arrange into classes,castes,or social strata

>## exceptional
- adj. not usual
- adj. better than average

>## slump
- v. to decrease suddenly and by a large amount

>## pessimistic
- adj. having or showing a lack of hope for the future

>## dilute
- v. to lessen the strength of(something)
- v. to make thinner or less strong by adding water or another liquid

>## palatable
- adj. having a pleasant or agreeable taste
- adj. pleasant or acceptable to someone

>## stagnate
- v. to stop developing,progressing,moving,etc.

>## esoteric
- adj. difficult to understand

>## befuddle
- v. to confuse

>## deliberate
- v. to think about or discuss something very carefully in order to make a decision
- adj. done or said in a way that is planned or intended

>## antithesis
- n. the exact opposite of something or someone

>## valediction
- n. an act of bidding farewell

>## hamstring
- v. to damage or ruin the force or effectiveness of(something or someone)

>## complacent
- adj. marked by self-satisfaction especially when accompanied by unawareness of actual dangers or deficiencies

>## hinder
- v. to make(something,such as a task or action)slow or difficult

>## formidable
- adj. causing fear,dread or apprehension
- adj. tending to inspire awe or wonder
- adj. very diffcult to deal with

>## impenetrable
- adj. impossible to understand
- adj. incapable of being penetrated or pierced

>## obtrude
- v. to force or impose(as oneself or one's ideas)without warrant or request
- v. to thrust out

>## debunk
- v. to show that something(such as a belief or theory)is not true

>## umbrage
- n. a feeling of being offended by what someone has said or done

>## affinity
- n. a liking for or an attraction to something

>## ramification
- n. something that is the result of something else
- n. branch

>## immerse
- v. to put(something)in a liquid so that all parts are completely covered
- v. to make(yourself)fully involved in some activity or interest

>## demise
- n./v. to die
- v. to transmit by succession or inheritance

>## compassionate
- adj. feeling or showing concern for someone who is sick,hurt,poor,ets.

>## ignorant
- adj. destitute of knowledge or education
- unaware or uninformed

>## immortal
- adj. marked by the quality or state of someone or something that will never die or be forgotten

>## assuage
- v. to make(something,such as an unpleasant feeling)less painful,severe,etc.

>## expiation
- n. the act of making atonement

>## loquacious
- adj. liking to talk and talking smoothly and easily

>## marginal
- adj. not very important

>## adjuration
- n. a solemn oath
- n. an earnest urging or advising

>## dreary
- adj. causing unhappiness or sad feelings

>## callous
- adj. not feeling or showing and concern about the problems or suffering of other people

>## discount
- v. to minimize the importance of

>## ostentatious
- adj. marked by or fond of conspicuous or vainglorious and sometimes pretentious display

>## thwart
- v. to prevent(someone)from doing something or to stop(something)from happening

>## distress
- n. unhappiness or pain
- v. to worry or upset(someone)

>## raillery
- n. friendly joking about or with somebody

>## exasperate
- v. to make(someone)very angry or annoyed

>## feckless
- adj. weak or ineffective
- adj. careless and irresponsible

>## stigma
- n. a set of negative and often unfair beliefs that a society or group of people have about something

>## attenuate
- v. to make(something)weaker or less in amount,effect,or force
- adj. reduced especially in thickness,density,or force

>## enigmatic
- adj. full of mystery and difficult to understand

>## condemn
- v. to say in a strong and definite way that someone or something is bad or wrong

>## impugn
- v. to criticize(a person's character,intensions,etc.)by suggesting that someone is not honest and should not to be trusted

>## elaborate
- adj. planned or carried out with great care
- v. to work out in detail
- v. to expand something in detail

>## pejorative
- adj. having negative connotations,tending to disparage or belittle

>## blithe
- adj. of a happy lighthearted character or disposition
- adj. lacking due thought or consideration

>## refute
- v. to prove that(something)is not true

>## vacuous
- adj. emptied of or lacking content
- adj. marked by lack of ideas or intelligence

>## patience
- n. the capacity,habit,or fact of being patient

>## enervate
- v. to make(someone or something)very weak or tired
- adj. lacking physical,mental,or moral vigor

>## honorific
- adj. giving or expressing honor or respect

>## disprove
- v. to show that(something)is false or wrong

>## extinguish
- v. to cause(something)to stop burning
- v. to cause the end or death of(something)

>## excoriate
- v. to censure scathingly

>## immutable
- adj. not subject or susceptible ot change

>## hypercritical
- adj. criticizing other people or things too strongly or too often

>## momentous
- adj. very important

>## esteem
- n. repect and affection

>## traumatic
- adj. emotionally upset

>## secretive
- adj. not letting people see or know what you are doing or thinking

>## delegate
- n. a person who is chosen or elected to vote or act for others
- v. to give(control,responsibility,authority,etc.)to someone

>## abeyance
- n. temporary inactivity

>## blatant
- adj. noisy especially in a vulgar or offensive manner
- adj. completely obvious,conspicuous,or obtrusive especially in a crass or offensive manner

>## flamboyant
- adj. having a very noticeable quality that attracts a lot of attention

>## lucid
- adj. very clear and easy to understand

>## opaque
- adj. difficult to understand or explain
- adj. not letting light through

>## alarmism
- n. the often unwarranted exciting of fears or warning of danger

>## divisive
- adj. causing a lot of disagreement between people and causing them to separate into different groups

>## torpor
- n. a state of not being active and having very little energy

>## indolent
- adj. not liking to work or be active

>## compulsory
- adj. having the power of forcing someone to do something

>## revelation
- n. an act of revealing to view or making known

>## contingency
- n. something(such as an emergency)that might happen

>## prolific
- adj. producing a large amount of something

>## alacrity
- n. a quick and cheerful readiness to do something

>## transcend
- v. to rise above or go beyond the limits of
- v. to outstrip or outdo in some attribute,quality,or power
- v. to triumph over the negative or restrictive aspects of

>## resonate
- v. to produce or exhibit resonance
- v. to evoke a feeling of shared emotion or belief

>## uncharacteristic
- adj. not typical or distinctive

>## impetuous
- adj. acting or done quickly and without thought

>## disparate
- adj. different from each other

>## respite
- n. an interval of rest or relief

>## rankle
- v. to cause(someone)to feel angry or irritated especially for a long time

>## acquiesce
- v. to accept,agree,or allow something to happen by staying silent or by not arguing

>## remedy
- v. to solve,correct,or improve(something)
- n. a medicine or treatment that relieves pain or cures a usually minor illness

>## congruous
- adj. being in agreement,harmony,or correspondence

>## gadfly
- n. someone who annoys people by being very critical

>## shrink
- v. to become smaller in amount,size,or value
- v. to quickly move away from something shocking,frightening,or disgusting

>## overwrought
- adj. very excited or upset

>## purposeful
- adj. having a clear aim or purpose

>## prognosis
- n. a doctor's opinion about how someone will recover from an illness or injury
- n. a judgment about what is going to happen in the future

>## malleable
- adj. capable of being altered or controlled by outside forces or influences

>## forgo
- v. to give up the use or enjoyment of(something)

>## encumber
- v. to cause problems or difficulties for
- v. to make(someone or something)hold or carry something heavy

>## barbarity
- n. extreme cruelty

>## sanctimonious
- adj. pretending to be morally better than other people

>## repugnant
- adj. causing a strong feeling of dislike or disgust

>## pseudonym
- n. a name that someone(such as a writer)uses instead of his or her real name

>## explicit
- adj. very clear and complete and leaving no doubt about the meaning

>## inexorable
- adj. not able to be stopped or changed

>## dissemble
- v. to hide your true feelings,opinions,etc

>## scintillating
- adj. very clever,amusing,and interesting

>## luminary
- n. a very famous or successful person

>## empower
- v. to give power to(someone)
- v. to promote the self-actualization or influence of

>## deference
- n. respect and esteem due a superior or an elder

>## lugubrious
- adj. full of sadness or sorrow

>## denounce
- v. to criticize(someone or something)harshly and publicly

>## parochial
- adj. limited to only the things that affect your local area
- adj. limited in range or scope

>## lament
- v. to express sorrow,regret,or unhappiness about something

>## primitive
- adj. of,belonging to,or seeming to come from an early time in the very ancient past
- adj. very simple and basic

>## hamper
- adj. to slow the movement,progress,or action of(someone or something)

>## distill
- v. to let fall,exude,or precipitate on drops or in a wet mist
- v. to extract the essence of

>## imitate
- v. to do the same thing as

>## encyclopedic
- adj. dealing with or knowing a subject thoroughly or completely
