# day 4

>## encyclopedic
- adj. dealing with or knowing a subject thoroughly or completely

>## euphemism
- n. a mild or pleasant word or phrase that is used instead of one that is unpleasant or offensive

>## nondescript
- adj. typical and uninteresting

>## adverse
- adj. bad or unfavorable

>## enduring
- adj. lasting,continuing

>## enliven
- v. to give life,action,or spirit to

>## half-formulated
- adj. coming into view,existence,or notice

>## dubious
- adj. causing doubt,uncertainty,or suspicion

>## churlish
- adj. not polite

>## outlandish
- adj. very strange or unusual
- of or relating to another country

>## serendipitous
- adj. happening by luck

>## mercurial
- adj. changing moods quickly and often

>## censorious
- adj. having or showing a tendency to criticize someone or something severely

>## deceive
- v. to make(someone)believe something that is not true

>## fortuitous
- adj. happening by chance
- adj. having or showing good luck

>## fathom
- v. to understand the reason for(something)

>## remuneration
- n. an amount of money paid to someone for the work that person has done

>## sparking
- adj. shining with brilliant points of light like stars

>## luxuriant
- adj. having heavy and thick growth
- adj. having an appealingly rich quality

>## credential
- n. something that gives a title to credit or confidence

>## recoil
- v. to quickly move away from something that is shocking,frightening,or disgusting:to react to something with shock or fear

>## scandalous
- adj. shokcking or offensive

>## erode
- v. to diminish or destroy by degrees

>## tenuous
- adj. not certain,definite,or strong:flimsy,weak,or uncertain
- adj. very thin

>## fluctuate
- v. to change level,strength,or value frequently

>## contentious
- adj. likely to cause people to argue or disagree
- adj. likely or willing to argue

>## patchwork
- n. something made of miscellaneous or incongruous parts or elements

>## flabbergast
- v. to shock or suiprise(someone)very much

>## temperate
- adj. having temperatures that are not too hot or too cold
- adj. emotionally calm and controlled
- adj. keeping or held within limits

>## benightted
- adj. having no knowledge or education

>## undiscriminating
- adj. indiscriminate
- adj. lacking sensitivity,taste,or judgement

>## palpable
- adj. capable of being touched or felt
- adj. easily perceptible

>## effusive
- adj. expressing a lot of emotion

>## habitable
- adj. suitable or fit to live in

>## codify
- v. to put(things)in an orderly form

>## duplicate
- v. to make an exact copy of(something)

>## sluggish
- adj. moving slowly or lazily

>## sway
- v. to exert a guiding or controlling influence on
- v. to cause to sway:set to swinging,rocking,or oscillating

>## ornamental
- adj. used to make something more attractive

>## convivial
- adj. of or relating to social events where people can eat,drink,and talk in a friendly way with others

>## multifarious
- adj. of many and various kinds

>## panacea
- n. a remedy for all ills or difficulties

>## countenance
- n. bearing or expression that offers approval or sanction
- v. to accept,support,or approve of(something)

>## inflammatory
- adj. tending to excite anger,disorder,or tumult:seditious

>## taint
- v. to hurt or damage the good condition of(something)

>## rigorous
- adj. very strict and demanding
- adj. done carefully and with a lot of attention to detail

>## delude
- v. to cause(someone)to believe something that is not true

>## unprecedented
- adj. having no previous example

>## ill-advised
- adj. not wise or sensible

>## prosaic
- adj. everyday or ordinary
- adj. characteristic of prose as distinguished from poetry
- adj. dull or unimaginative

>## malfeasance
- n. wrongdoing or misconduct especially by a public official

>## egregious
- adj. conspicuously bad or offensive

>## counterfeit
- adj. made to look like an exact copy of something in order to trick

>## volatile
- adj. having or showing extreme or sudden changes of emotion

>## conundrum
- n. a confusing or difficult problem

>## charismatic
- adj. having great charm or appeal

>## gratify
- v. to make(someone)happy or satisfied

>## deflate
- v. to make(someone)lose confidence or pride
- v. to lose air or gas from inside
- to reduce in size,importance,or effectiveness

>## anthropogenic
- adj. caused by humans

>## conflate
- v. to combine(as two readings of a text)into a composite whole

>## animate
- adj. having life
- v. to give spirit and support to

>## drawback
- n. disadvantage or inconvenience

>## contemporary
- adj. happening or beginning now or in recent times
- adj. from the same time period

>## underlie
- v. to form the basis or foundation of(an idea,a process,etc.)
- v. to lie or be located under(something)

>## preserve
- v. to keep(something)in its original state or in good condition

>## anecdote
- n. A short account of an interesting or humorous incident

>## ministration
- n. the act or process of ministering

>## banal
- adj. boring or ordinary

>## flippant
- adj. lacking proper respect or seriousness

>## invective
- n. harsh or insulting words

>## paltry
- n. very small or too small in amount

>## miserly
- adj. hating to spend money

>## renowned
- adj. known and admired by many people for some special quality or achievement

>## exhaustive
- adj. including all possibilities

>## polemical
- adj. of or involving strongly critical or disputatious writing or speech

>## facile
- adj. too simple and not showing enough thought or effort
- adj. done or achieved in a way that is too easy

>## transparent
- adj. able to be seen through
- adj. easy to notice or understand
- adj. honest and open

>## unimpeachable
- adj. not able to be doubted or questioned

>## tortuous
- adj. conplicated,long,and confusing

>## perturb
- v. to cause(someone)to be worried or upset

>## flighty
- adj. given to capricious or unstable behavior
- adj. easily excited

>## polish
- v. to improve(something)

>## infectious
- adj. spreading or capable of spreading rapidly to others

>## gall
- v. to make(someone) feel annoyed or angry
- n. a state of exasperation

>## compelling
- adj. very interesting
- adj. capable of causing someone to believe or agree

>## overt
- adj. open to view

>## timid
- adj. feeling or showing a lack of courage or confidence

>## fraudulent
- adj. done to trick someone for the purpose of getting something valuable

>## perilous
- adj. full of danger

>## cataclysm
- n. something that causes great destruction,violence,etc.

>## concede
- v. to admit(something)usually in an unwilling way

>## symbiosis
- n. a cooperative relationship(as between two persons or groups)

>## horrific
- adj. causing horror or shock

>## multitudinous
- adj. very many

>## downplay
- v. to make(something)seem smaller or less important

>## purport
- n. meaning conveyed,professed,or implied
- v. to claim to be or do a particular thing when this claim may not be true

>## mediocre
- adj. of moderate or low quality,value,ability,or performance

>## irritate
- v. to provoke impatience,anger,or displeasure in

>## stilted
- adj. awkward especially bacause of being too formal

>## placid
- adj. not easily upset or excited

>## erratic
- adj. acting,moving,or changing in ways what are not expected or usual
- adj. deviating from what is ordinary or standard

>## ingenious
- adj. very smart or clever

>## renaissance
- n. revival
- n. wen yi fu su

>## endorse
- v. to publicly or officially say that you support or approve of(someone or something)
- v. to publickly say that you like or use(a product or service)in exchange for money

>## harbinger
- n. something that shows what is coming
- v. to be a harbinger of

>## malign
- adj. having or showing intense often vicious ill will
- v. to say bad things about(someone or something)publicly

>## imerative
- adj. very important
- n. a command,rule,duty,etc.,that is very important or necessary

>## ethical
- adj. morally right and good

>## consequential
- adj. having significant consequences
- adj. self-important
- adj. happening as a result

>## perpetuate
- v. to cause(something that should be stopped,such as a mistaken idea or a bad situation to continue)

>## anathema
- n. someone or something that is very strongly disliked
- n. a vehement denunciation

>## illuminate
- v. to make(something)clear and easier to understand

>## enchanting
- adj. charming

>## mishandle
- v. to treat roughly
- v. to deal with or manage wrongly or ignorantly

>## fickle
- adj. changing opinions often

>## countermand
- v. to cancel(an order)especially by giving a new order

>## mollify
- v. to make(someone)less angry;to calm(someone)down

>## gloomy
- adj. causing feelings of sadness

>## methodical
- adj. arranged,characterized by,or performed with method or order

>## hortatory
- adj. advisory

>## innate
- adj. existing from the time a person or animal is born

>## displace
- v. to force(people or animals)to leave the area where they live
- v. to take the job or position of(someone or something)

>## apprehend
- v. to arrest or seize
- v. to notice and understand(something)
- v. to anticipate especially with anxiety,dread,or fear

>## disarray
- n. a lack of order
- v. to throw into disorder

>## tedious
- adj. boring and too slow or long

>## emphasis
- n. special importance or attention given to something

>## irascible
- adj. becoming angry very easily

>## fastidious
- adj. very careful about how you do something

>## occlude
- v. to close up or block off

>## impair
- v. to make(something)weaker or worse

>## laudatory
- adj. expressing or containing praise

>## prevalent
- adj. common or widespread

>## deprecate
- v. to criticize or express disapproval of(someone or something)

>## portend
- v. to be a sign or warning that something usually bad or unpleasant is going to happen

>## self-defeating
- adj. injurious to one's or its own purposes or welfare

>## proclaim
- v. to say or state(something)in a public,official,or definite way

>## meddle
- v. to interest oneself in what is not one's concern

>## overshadow
- v. to exceed in importance
- v. to cast a shadow over

>## somnolent
- adj. very boring or causing a person to fall asleep

>## precipitate
- v. to cause(something)to happen quickly or suddenly
- adj. happening very quickly or too quickly without enough thought or planning

>## onerous
- adj. difficult and unpleasant to do or deal with

>## comity
- n. friendly social atomsphere

>## douse
- v. to extinguish

>## asserverate
- v. to affirm or declare positively or earnestly

>## arbitrary
- adj. not planned or chosen for a particular reason
- adj. existing or coming about seemingly at random or by chance or as a capricious and unreasonable act of will

>## discretion
- n. power of free decision or latitude of choise within certain legal bounds
- n. the quality of having or showing discernment or good judgment;the quality of being discreet;circumspection

>## sacrosanct
- adj. most scared or holy

>## quiescent
- adj. not active

>## evasive
- adj. not honest or direct

>## defer
- v. put off,delay
- v. to submit to another's wishes,opinion,or governance usually through deference or repect

>## innocuous
- adj. producing no injury
- adj. not likely to give offense or to arouse strong feelings or hostility
