# day 5

>## contradictory
- adj. involving,causing,or consitituting a contradiction

>## sectarian
- adj. limited in character or scope
- adj. relating to religious or political sects and the differences between them

>## moribund
- adj. approaching death

>## galvanize
- v. to stimulate or shock with an electric current
- v. to arouse to awareness or action

>## interchangeable
- adj. capable of being used in place of each other

>## exiguous
- adj. excessively scanty

>## truism
- n. an undoubted or self-evident truth

>## unfeeling
- adj. not sympathetic to others

>## valorize
- v. to give or assign a value to,especially a higher value

>## meticulous
- adj. very careful about doing something in an extremely accurate and exact way

>## satire
- n. trenchant wit,irony,or sacasm used to expose and discredit vice or folly

>## proprietary
- adj. kept private by an owner

>## evenhanded
- adj. not favoring one side or group over anthor

>## amorphous
- adj. having no definite or clear shape or form

>## apolitical
- adj. not interested or involved in politics

>## obviate
- v. to make(something)not longer necessary
- v. to prevent or avoid

>## prescience
- n. the ability to know what will or might happen in the future

>## audacious
- adj. intrepidly daring
- adj. contemptuous of law,religion,or decorum
- adj. marked by originality and verve

>## animadversion
- n. a critical and usually censorious remark

>## adorn
- v. to make(someone or something)more attractive by adding something beautiful

>## duplicitous
- adj. deceptive in words or action

>## vehement
- adj. showing strong and often angry feelings

>## revive
- v. to make(someone or something)strong,healthy,or active again

>## antediluvian
- adj. very old or old-fashioned

>## facet
- n. a part or element of something

>## ponderous
- adj. slow or awkward because of weight and size
- adj. very boring or dull

>## retroactive
- adj. effective from a particular date in the past

>## detract
- v. to diminish the importance,value,or effectiveness of something

>## specific
- adj. relating to a particular person,situation,etc.
- adj. clearly and exactly presented or stated

>## aggrandize
- v. to make appear great or greater
- v. to enhance the power,wealth,position,or reputation of

>## prospect
- n. someone or something that is likely to succeed or to be chosen

>## chagrin
- n. a feeling of being frustrated or annoyed because of failure or disappointment
- v. to vex or unsettle by disappointing or humiliating

>## seclusion
- n. the act of placing or keeping someone away from other people:the act of secluding someone
- n. a secluded or isolated place

>## commence
- v. to begin

>## mordant
- adj .expressing harsh criticism especially in a way that is funny

>## disconcerting
- adj. causing an emotional disturbance

>## embellish
- v. to make beautiful with ornamentation

>## pugnacious
- adj. showing a readiness or desire to fight or argue

>## exacerbate
- v. to make(a bad situation,a problem,etc.)worse

>## furtive
- adj. done in a quite and secret way to avoid being noticed

>## bewilder
- v. to confuse(someone)very much

>## unidimensional
- adj. lacking depth

>## jaded
- adj. feeling or showing a lack of interest and excitement caused by having done or experienced too much of something

>## visionary
- adj. having or showing clear ideas about what should happen or be done in the future

>## archetypal
- n. a perfect example of something

>## humility
- n. the quality or state of being humble

>## disclose
- v. to make(something)known to the public

>## adversarial
- adj. involving two people or two sides who oppose each other

>## beneficiary
- n. a person,organization,etc.,that is helped by something

>## premature
- adj. happening too soon or earlier than usual

>## jeopardize
- v. to put(something or someone)in danger

>## conjure
- v. to create or imagine(something)

>## persevere
- v. to continue doing something or trying to do something even though it is difficult

>## enormous
- adj. very great in size or amount
- adj. exceedingly wicked

>## inverse
- adj. opposite in order,nature,or effect

>## indiscriminate
- adj. not marked by careful distinction
- adj. heterogeneous or motley

>## defy
- v. to refuse to obey

>## admonish
- v. to criticize or warn gently but seriously
- v. to give friendly advice or encouragement

>## preclude
- v. to prevent(someone)from doing something

>## forswear
- v. to promise to give up(something)or to stop doing(something)

>## solidatiry
- n. unity(as of a group or class)that produces or is based on community of interests,objectives,and standards

>## conspicuous
- adj. very easy to see or notice
- adj. attracting attention

>## disinformation
- n. false information deliberately and often convertly spread

>## preempt
- v. to prevent(something)from happening
- v. to take the place of
- to acquire by preemption

>## recapitulate
- v. to give a brief summary of something

>## paralyze
- v. to make(a person or animal)unable to move or feel all or part of the body
- v. to make powerless or ineffective

>## inexpressible
- adj. too strong or great to be expreesed or described

>## absorbing
- adj. fully taking one's attention

>## plethora
- adj. a very large amount or number

>## disregard
- v. to ignore(something)or treat(something)as unimportant

>## turbulent
- adj. causing unrest,violence,or disturbance

>## antagonistic
- adj. showing dislike or opposition

>## commonplace
- n. something that happens or appears in many places and is not unusual

>## meager
- adj. deficient in quality or quantity

>## tendentious
- adj. strongly favoring a particular point of view in a way that may cause argument

>## prestige
- n. the respect and admiration that someone or something gets for being successful or important

>## burlesque
- v. to imitate in a humorous or derisive manner

>## attain
- v. to accomplish or achieve(something):to succeed in getting or doing(something)

>## upsurge
- n. a rapid or sudden increase or rise

>## grouchy
- adj. having a bad temper

>## pliable
- adj. too easily influenced or controlled by other people
- adj. adjustable to varying conditions

>## reproach
- v. to express disapproval or disappointment to (someone)

>## histrionic
- adj. too emotional or dramatic

>## abnegate
- v. to deny or renounce
- v. to relinquish or surrender

>## provoke
- v. to cause the occurrence of(a feeling or action)
- v. to incite to anger

>## avaricious
- adj. excessively acquisitive especially in seeking to hoard riches

>## brag
- v. to talk about yourself,your achievements,your family,etc.,in a way that shows too much pride

>## heed
- v. to pay attentions to(advice,a warning,etc.)

>## sagacious
- adj. having or showing an ability to understand difficult ideas and situations and to make good decisions

>## penalty
- n. punishment for breaking a rule or law

>## prefigure
- v. to show or suggest(something that will happen or exist at a future time)

>## glorify
- v. to represent as glorious

>## animus
- n. a strong feeling of dislike or hatred

>## justification
- n. an acceptable reason for doing something

>## pertain
- v. to relate to
- v. to be appropriate to something

>## aggrieve
- v. to give pain or trouble to:distress
- v. to infilict injury on

>## dearth
- n. the state or condition of not having enough of something

>## calumny
- n. an untrue statement that is made to damage someone's reputation

>## rampant
- adj. profusely widespread
- adj. growing quickly and in a way that is difficult to control

>## vulnerable
- adj. easily hurt or harmed physically,mentally,or emotionally

>## pertinent
- adj. having a clear decisive relevance to the matter in hand

>## distort
- v. to twist out of the true meaning or proportion
- v. to twist out of a natural,normal,or oringinal shape or condition

>## overextend
- v. to extend or expand beyond a safe or resonable point;especially:to commit(oneself)financially beyond what can be paid

>## precocious
- adj. exihibiting mature qualities at an unusually early age

>## repudiate
- v. to refuse to accept or support

>## quirky
- adj. unusual especially in an interesting way

>## proponent
- n. a person who argues for or support something

>## reiterate
- v. to repeat something you have already said in order to emphasize

>## conscientious
- adj. very careful about doing what you are supposed to do:concerned with doing something correctly
- adj. thorough and assiduous

>## rapacious
- adj. having or showing a strong or excessive desire to accquire money or possess things

>## disquisition
- n. a long speech or written report on a subject

>## foretell
- v. to tell of or indicate beforehand

>## understate
- v. to represent as less than is the case
- v. to state or present with restraint especially for effect

>## discredit
- v. to refuse to accept as true or accurate
- v. to cause disbelief in the accuracy or authority of
- v. to deprive of good repute

>## underscore
- v. to emphasize(something)or show the important of(something)

>## predetermine
- v. to decide(something)before it happens or in advance

>## provisional
- adj. serving for the time being

>## circumspect
- adj. thinking carefully about possible risks before doing or saying something

>## majestic
- adj. large and impressively beautiful

>## estrange
- v. to cause someone to be no longer friendly or close to another person or group

>## falsehood
- n. an untrue statement

>## manipulate
- v. to move or control(something)with your hands or by using a machine

>## pathological
- adj. being such to a degree that is extreme,excessive,or markedly abnormal
- adj. indicative of disease

>## circuitous
- adj. not being forthright or direct in language or action

>## propitious
- adj. likely to have or produce good results

>## insightful
- adj. having or showing a very clear understanding of something:having or showing insight

>## nullify
- v. to cause(something)to lose its value or to have no effect

>## facilitate
- v. to make easier

>## appeal
- v. to ask for something(such as help or support)in a serious way
- v. to be pleasing or attractive to someone

>## appease
- v. to make(someone)pleased or less angry by giving or saying something desired

>## deleterious
- adj. damaging or harmful

>## ethereal
- adj. lacking material substance:immaterial,intangible
- adj. of or relating to the regions beyond the earth

>## rehabilitate
- v. to resotre to a former capacity

>## cluster
- v. to come together to form a group

>## partisan
- n. a firm adherent to a party,faction,cause,or person;especially:one exhibiting blind,prejudiced,and unreasoning allegiance

>## bypass
- v. to go around or avoid(a place or area)

>## scrupulous
- adj. very careful about doing something correctly
- adj. acting in strict regard for what is considered right or proper

>## monolithic
- adj. constituting a massive undifferentiated and often rigid whole

>## scathing
- adj. very hash or severe

>## block
- v. to make unsuitable for passage or progress by obstruction

>## off-putting
- adj. causing you to feel dislike of someone or something

>## profligate
- adj. carelessly and foolishly wasting money,materials

>## unctuous
- adj. revealing or marked by a smmug,ingratiating,and false earnestness or spirituality
- adj. rich in oil or fat

>## nimble
- adj. able to move quickly,easily,and lightly
- adj. able to learn and understand things quickly and easily

>## shoddy
- adj. poorly done or made

>## heterogeneous
- adj. made up of parts that are different

>## verisimilitude
- n. the quality of seeming real

>## derivative
- adj. unoriginal

>## sycophantic
- adj. fawning,obsequious

>## circumvent
- v. to avoid being stopped by(something,such as a law or rule)

>## rigid
- adj. not flexible
- adj. precise and accurate in procedure
- adj. not willing to change opinions or beavior

>## plaintive
- adj. expressing suffering or sadness

>## detestation
- n. extreme hatred or dislike

>## susceptible
- adj. easily affected,influenced,or harmed by something

>## tautology
- n. a statement in which you repeat a word,idea,etc.,in a way that is not necessary

>## leaven
- v. to make(something)less serious and often more exciting

>## convulsion
- v. a sudden change or distuibance that affects a country,organization,etc.

>## exorbitant
- adj. going far beyond what is fair,resonable,or expected

>## corollary
- n. something that naturally follows or results from another thing

>## perforce
- adv. used to say that something is necessary or must be done

>## proselytize
- v. to try to persuade people to join a religion,cause,or group

>## fetishize
- v. to make a fetish of:treat or regard with fetishism

>## omnivorous
- adj. eating both plants and animals
- adj. eager to learn about many different things

>## urbane
- adj. polite and confident

>## idiosyncrasy
- n. an unusual way in which a particular person behaves or thinks

>## forthcoming
- adj. honest and open
- adj. appearing,happening,or arriving soon

>## pecuniary
- adj. relating to or in the form of money

>## pathos
- n. an emotion of sympathetic pity

>## cosmopolitan
- adj. having worldwide rather than limited or provincial scope or bearing
- adj. composed of persons,consituents,or elements from all or many parts of the world
- adj. found in most parts of the world and under varied ecological conditions

>## panoply
- n. a group or collection that is impressive because it is so big or because it includes so many different kinds of people or things

>## arboreal
- adj. of or relating to trees
- adj. living in or often found in trees

>## nostalgia
- n. the state of being homesick
- n. a wistful or excessively sentimental yearning for return to or of some past period or irrecoverable condition

>## peremptory
- adj. admitting of no contradiction
- adj. characterized by often imperious or arrogant self-assurance

>## avian
- adj. of or relating to birds

>## ramshackle
- adj. appearing ready to collapse
- adj. not carefully made or put together

>## quiver
- v. to shake because of fear,cold,nervousness,etc.

>## rancor
- n. an angry feeling of hatred or dislike for someone who has treated you unfairly

>## dewy-eyed
- adj. innocent

>## epitome
- n. a perfect example

>## fissure
- n. a narrow opening or crack
- n. a separation or disagreement in thought or viewpoint

>## parley
- v. to discuss terms with an enemy

>## immolate
- v. to kill or destroy(someone or something)by fire

>## lassitude
- n. lack of physical or mental energy

>## pompous
- adj. excessively elevated or ornate
- adj. having or exhibiting self-important

>## overreach
- v. to defeat(oneself)by seeking to do or gain too much
- v. to try to do something that is beyound your ability to do

>## demarcate
- v. to set apart

>## evince
- v. to display clearly

>## veer
- v. to change direction or course

>## resilient
- adj. able to become strong,healthy,or successful again after something bad happens
- adj. able to return to an original shape after being pulled,stretched,pressed,bent,etc.

>## revolt
- v. to fight in a violent way against the rule of a leader or government
- v. to cause(someone)to feel disgust or shock

>## devolve
- v. to gradually go from an advanced state to a less advanced state
- v. to pass on from one person or entity to another

>## adulation
- n. excessive or siavish admiration or flattery

>## demolish
- v. to forcefully tear down or take apart(a structure)
- v. to damage(something)so that it cannot be repaired

>## timely
- adv. in time

>## snapshot
- n. an impression or view of something brief or transitory
- n. an informal photograph that is taken quickly

>## obsequious
- adj. too eager to help or obey someone imprtant

>## gut
- n. the basic visceral or emotional part of a person
- v. to destroy the inside of(a structure)

>## hierachy
- n. the classification of a group of people according to ability or to economic,social,or professional standing or the group so classified
- n. a body of persons in authority

>## terse
- adj. brief and direct in a way that may seem rude or unfriednly

>## abate
- v. to become weaker
