# day 6

>## abate
- v. to become weaker

>## fluster
- v. to make(someone)nervous and confused

>## flatter
- v. to praise(someone)in a way that is not sincere

>## accentuate
- v. to make(something)more noticeable

>## augment
- v. to increase the size or amount of(something)
- v. to supplement

>## certitude
- n. freedom from doubt

>## cachet
- n. an indication of approval carrying great prestige

>## sound
- adj. in good condition
- adj. showing good judgement

>## contrite
- adj. feeling or showing regret for bad behavior

>## unanimous
- adj. having the same opinion

>## neologism
- n. a new word or expression or a new meaning of a word

>## aristocracy
- n. government by the best individuals or by a small privileged class

>## inimical
- adj. likely to cause damage or have a bad effect

>## hallow
- v. to respect greatly:venerate

>## annals
- n. historical records

>## execrate
- v. to dislike and criticize(someone or something)very strongly

>## unexampled
- adj. without precedent

>## tug
- v. to pull something with a quick,forceful movement
- n. a struggle between two people or opposite forces

>## claustrophobic
- adj. having a fear of being in closed or small spaces

>## atavism
- n. the return of a trait or recurrence of previous behavior after a period of absence
- n. the reappearance of a characteristic in an organism after several generations of abesence,usually caused by the chance recombination of genes

>## prepossessing
- adj. appealing or attractive

>## perfidious
- adj. not able to be trusted

>## jubilation
- n. great happiness or joy

>## peregrination
- n. a voyage,especially an extensive one

>## retribution
- n. punishment for doing something wrong

>## charlatan
- n. a person who falsely pretends to know or be something in order to deceive people

>## malinger
- v. to feign illness or other incapacity in order to avoid duty or work

>## halcyon
- adj. very happy and successful

>## predominant
- adj. more important,powerful,successful,or noticeable than other people or things

>## evocative
- adj. bringing thoughts,memories,or feelings into the mind

>## nonchalant
- adj. relaxed and calm in a way that shows that you do not care or are not worried about anything

>## ennoble
- v. to make(someone or something)better or more worthy of admiration

>## eradicate
- v. to remove(something)completely

>## prodigal
- adj. characterized by profuse or wasteful expenditure
- adj. yieldding abundantly

>## disengage
- v. to release from something that engages or involves

>## rebound
- v. to recover from setback or frustration
- v. to bounce back off something after hitting it

>## adhere
- v. to stick to something

>## unilateral
- adj. involving only one group or country

>## equable
- adj. tending to remain calm
- adj. free from sudden or harsh changes

>## instantiate
- v. to represent(an abstraction)by a concrete instance

>## diverse
- adj. different from each other

>## protean
- adj. displaying great diversity or variety

>## pillory
- v. to publicly criticize(someone)in a very harsh way

>## exuberant
- adj. extreme or excessive in degree,size,or extent
- adj. filled with energy and enthusiasm

>## plunder
- v. to steal things from(a place,such as a city or town)especially by force

>## ennui
- n. a lack of spirit,enthusiasm,or interest

>## conceive
- v. to think or create(something)in the mind
- v. to become pregnant

>## devoid
- adj. being without

>## sophisticated
- adj. having or showing a lot of experience and knowledge about the world and about culture,art,literature,etc.
- adj. highly developed and complex

>## conclusive
- adj. putting an end to debate or question especially by reason of irrefutability

>## enlighten
- v. to give knowledge or understanding to(someone)

>## methodology
- n. a set of methods,rules,or ideas that are important in a science or art:a particular procedure or set of procedures

>## tectonic
- adj. relating to construction or building
- adj. having a strong and widespread impact

>## monogamy
- n. the state or practice of being married to only one person at a time

>## pathogen
- n. a specific causative agent(as a bacterium or virus)of disease

>## depict
- v. to describe(someone or something)using words,a story

>## sediment
- n. the matter that settles to the bottom of a liquid

>## vaporize
- v. to change into a vapor or to cause(something)to change into a vapor

>## dismissive
- adj. serving to dismiss
- adj. showing indifference or disregard

>## invertebrate
- adj. lacking in strength or vitality
- n. n

>## discrepancy
- n. a difference especially between things that should be the same

>## demographic
- adj. of or relating to the study of changes that occur in large groups of people over a period of time:of or relating to demography

>## forage
- v. to search for something(such as food or supplies)

>## synchronous
- adj. happening,moving,or existing at the same time

>## hagiography
- n. a book about someone's life that makes it seem better than it really is or was

>## bequest
- n. the property or money that you promise in your will to give to another person or organization after you die

>## monochromatic
- adj. lacking variety,creativity,or excitement

>## employ
- v. to make use of
- v. to give a job to

>## indigenous
- adj. produced,living,or existing naturally in a particular region or environment
- adj. innate or inborn

>## insurrection
- n. a usually violent attempt to take control of a government

>## ideology
- n. the set of ideas and beliefs of a group or political party

>## segregate
- v. to separate groups of people because of their particular race,religion
- v. to not allow people of different races to be together in(a place,such as a school)

>## propound
- v. to offer for discussion or consideration

>## saline
- adj. containing salt

>## adulterate
- v. to make(something,such as a food or drink)impure or weaker by adding something of poor quality

>## expository
- adj. used to describe writing that is done to explain something

>## anemia
- n. lack of vitality

>## excavate
- v. to uncover(something)by digging away and removing the earth taht covers it

>## acerbic
- adj. expressing harsh or sharp cirticism in a clever way

>## resurgence
- n. a growth or increase that occurs after a period without growth or increase

>## colloquial
- adj. using conversational style

>## interjection
- n. the act of uttering exciamations

>## hoodwink
- v. to deceive or trick(someone)

>## analogous
- adj. similar in some way

>## latent
- adj. present but not visible or active

>## boycott
- v. to refuse to buy,use,or participate in(something)as a way of protesting

>## sentimental
- adj. resulting from feeling rather than reason or thought
- adj. marked or governed by feeling,sensibility,or emotional idealism

>## crater
- n. the bowl-shaped depression around the orifice of a volcano

>## castigate
- v. to cirticize(someone)harshly

>## preeminent
- adj. better than others

>## terminology
- n. the special words or phrases that are used in a particular field

>## domesticate
- v. to breed or train(an animal)to need and accept the care of human beings:to tame(an animal)

>## pedagogical
- adj. of or relating to teachers or education

>## skew
- v. to change(something)so that it is not true or accurate

>## static
- adj. showing little or no change,action,or progress

>## discrete
- adj. separate and different from each other

>## corrode
- v. to weaken or destroy gradually
- v. to slowly break apart and destroy(metal,an object,etc.)through a chemical process

>## protagonist
- n. an important person who is involved in a competition,conflict,or cause
- n. a supporter or champion

>## forerunner
- n. someone or something that comes before another
- n. a sign of something that is going to happen

>## clutch
- v. to hold onto(someone or something)tightly with your hand

>## straggle
- v. to wander from the direct course or way
- v. to move away or spread out from others in a disorganized way
